1	As the largest reservoir of carbon exchanging with the atmosphere on glacial–interglacial timescales, the deep ocean has been implicated as the likely location of carbon sequestration during Pleistocene glaciations. Despite strong theoretical underpinning for this expectation, radiocarbon data on watermass ventilation ages conflict, and proxy interpretations disagree about the depth, origin and even existence of the respired carbon pool. Because any change in the storage of respiratory carbon is accompanied by corresponding changes in dissolved oxygen concentrations, proxy data reflecting oxygenation are valuable in addressing these apparent inconsistencies. Here, we present a record of redox-sensitive uranium from the central equatorial Pacific Ocean to identify intervals associated with respiratory carbon storage over the past 350 kyr, providing evidence for repeated carbon storage over the last three glacial cycles. We also synthesise our data with previous work and propose an internally consistent picture of glacial carbon storage and equatorial Pacific Ocean watermass structure.
1	The largest radiation of Phanerozoic marine animal life quadrupled genus-level diversity towards the end of the Ordovician Period about 450 million years ago. A leading hypothesis for this Great Ordovician Biodiversification Event is that cooling of the Ordovician climate lowered sea surface temperatures into the thermal tolerance window of many animal groups, such as corals. A complementary role for oxygenation of subsurface environments has been inferred based on the increasing abundance of skeletal carbonate, but direct constraints on atmospheric O2 levels remain elusive. Here, we use high-resolution paired bulk carbonate and organic carbon isotope records to determine the changes in isotopic fractionation between these phases throughout the Ordovician radiation. These results can be used to reconstruct atmospheric O2 levels based on the O2-dependent fractionation of carbon isotopes by photosynthesis. We find a strong temporal link between the Great Ordovician Biodiversification Event and rising O2 concentrations, a pattern that is corroborated by O2 models that use traditional carbon–sulfur mass balance. We conclude that that oxygen levels probably played an important role in regulating early Palaeozoic biodiversity levels, even after the Cambrian Explosion.
1	 Many take for granted low oxygen as “just another water-quality issue”. Excessive loads of nutrients from non-point and point sources, including sewage, enter aquatic ecosystems where they increase biological oxygen demand and promote eutrophic conditions that can lead to periods of hypoxia or anoxia (in coastal areas somewhat misnamed as “dead zones”).Global warming is now gaining attention as exacerbating the problem, leading to oxygen loss in larger regions of fresh, brackish, and marine waters. Not only does warmer water hold less dissolved oxygen than colder water, but the warmer upper layers are less dense and thus are more stratified, reducing ventilation of deeper water layers. Accelerating ice melt at the poles and increased freshwater runoff into some coastal areas further act to stratify ocean waters because fresh water is less dense than salty water. High atmospheric inputs of nutrients and wetland loss from sea-level rise intensify coastal eutrophication. Oxygen minimum zones (OMZs), naturally occurring hypoxic waters 100–1000 m deep, are expanding.
1	 Animals need oxygen to survive, but a relative lack of oxygen in Earth’s ancient oceans helped early marine creatures evolve, a new study claims. Indeed, the “Cambrian explosion”—the burst of evolution about 540 million years ago that included the birth of most of the major animal groups we know today—was enabled by oxygen deprivation, the researchers say. The finding comes in the wake of a better understanding of how oxygen levels in the oceans and the atmosphere fluctuated in the deep past, and may shift how scientists think animal evolution can proceed.The study shows that low-oxygen episodes “charged the pump” for animal evolution to get going, says Timothy Lyons, a biogeochemist at the University of California, Riverside, who was not involved in the work.
1	 The abyssal ocean is broadly characterized by northward flow of the densest waters and southward flow of less-dense waters above them. Understanding what controls the strength and structure of these interhemispheric flows—referred to as the abyssal overturning circulation—is key to quantifying the ocean’s ability to store carbon and heat on timescales exceeding a century. Here we show that, north of 32° S, the depth distribution of the seafloor compels dense southern-origin waters to flow northward below a depth of about 4 kilometres and to return southward predominantly at depths greater than 2.5 kilometres. Unless ventilated from the north, the overlying mid-depths (1 to 2.5 kilometres deep) host comparatively weak mean meridional flow. Backed by analysis of historical radiocarbon measurements, the findings imply that the geometry of the Pacific, Indian and Atlantic basins places a major external constraint on the overturning structure.
1	 The existence, sources, distribution, circulation, and physicochemical nature of macroscale oceanic water bodies have long been a focus of oceanographic inquiry. Building on that work, this paper describes an objectively derived and globally comprehensive set of 37 distinct volumetric region units, called ecological marine units (EMUs). They are constructed on a regularly spaced ocean point-mesh grid, from sea surface to seafloor, and attributed with data from the 2013 World Ocean Atlas version 2. The point attribute data are the means of the decadal averages from a 57-year climatology of six physical and chemical environment parameters (temperature, salinity, dissolved oxygen, nitrate, phosphate, and silicate). The database includes over 52 million points that depict the global ocean in x, y, and z dimensions. The point data were statistically clustered to define the 37 EMUs, which represent physically and chemically distinct water volumes based on spatial variation in the six marine environmental characteristics used. The aspatial clustering to produce the 37 EMUs did not include point location or depth as a determinant, yet strong geographic and vertical separation was observed. Twenty-two of the 37 EMUs are globally or regionally extensive, and account for 99% of the ocean volume, while the remaining 15 are smaller and shallower, and occur around coastal features. We assessed the vertical distribution of EMUs in the water column and placed them into classical depth zones representing epipelagic (0 m to 200 m), mesopelagic (200 m to 1,000 m), bathypelagic (1,000 m to 4,000 m) and abyssopelagic (>4,000 m) layers. The mapping and characterization of the EMUs represent a new spatial framework for organizing and understanding the physical, chemical, and ultimately biological properties and processes of oceanic water bodies. The EMUs are an initial objective partitioning of the ocean using long-term historical average data, and could be extended in the future by adding new classification variables and by introducing functionality to develop time-specific EMU distribution maps. The EMUs are an open-access resource, and as both a standardized geographic framework and a baseline physicochemical characterization of the oceanic environment, they are intended to be useful for disturbance assessments, ecosystem accounting exercises, conservation priority setting, and marine protected area network design, along with other research and management applications.
1	 Microbial communities drive biogeochemical cycles through networks of metabolite exchange that are structured along energetic gradients. As energy yields become limiting, these networks favor co-metabolic interactions to maximize energy disequilibria. Here we apply single-cell genomics, metagenomics, and metatranscriptomics to study bacterial populations of the abundant “microbial dark matter” phylum Marinimicrobia along defined energy gradients. We show that evolutionary diversification of major Marinimicrobia clades appears to be closely related to energy yields, with increased co-metabolic interactions in more deeply branching clades. Several of these clades appear to participate in the biogeochemical cycling of sulfur and nitrogen, filling previously unassigned niches in the ocean. Notably, two Marinimicrobia clades, occupying different energetic niches, express nitrous oxide reductase, potentially acting as a global sink for the greenhouse gas nitrous oxide.
1	 Understanding dissolved oxygen variability in the ocean is limited by the short duration of direct measurements; however, sedimentary oxidation-reduction reactions can provide context for modern observations. Here we use bulk sediment redox-sensitive metal enrichment factors (MoEF, ReEF, and UEF) and scanning X-ray fluorescence records to examine annual-scale sedimentary oxygen concentrations in the Santa Barbara Basin from the Industrial Revolution (Common Era ~1850) to present. Enrichments are linked to measured bottom water oxygen concentrations after 1986. We reveal gradual intensification of the coastal oxygen minimum zone (OMZ) on the southern California margin coinciding with the twentieth century anthropogenic warming trend that leads to reduced oxygen solubility and greater stratification. High-frequency interannual oscillations become more prominent over the last three decades. These are attributed to local “flushing events” triggered by the transition from El Niño to La Niña conditions, which further amplify changes in the extratropical southern Californian OMZ.
1	 “Ocean acidification is a moving target. It’s the trajectory of our coastal waters being forced by increasing atmospheric CO2 content and in order to capture that we need to make measurements over a long period of time,” said oceanographer Wiley Evans, of Canada’s Hakai Institute in a release.The round trip between Bellingham and Skagway is the longest ferry run in North America, according to the Alaska Coastal Rainforest Center. The Columbia’s schedule will allow researchers to gather about 11 months of data before the boat is put up for repairs.The ocean is actually alkaline, not acidic. Ocean acidification is a process linked to climate change by which sea water has become more acidic — less alkaline — which could have a big impact on marine ecosystems, especially shellfish. Scientists predict varying degrees of changes depending on the amount of CO2 humans continue to put into the atmosphere.
1	 Despite their name, Oceanic Anoxic Events (OAEs) are not periods of uniform anoxia and black shale deposition in ancient oceans. Shelf environments account for the majority of productivity and organic carbon burial in the modern ocean, and this was likely true in the Cretaceous as well. However, it is unlikely that the mechanisms for such an increase were uniform across all shelf environments. Some, like the northwest margin of Africa, were characterized by strong upwelling, but what might drive enhanced productivity on shelves not geographically suited for upwelling? To address this, we use micropaleontology, carbon isotopes, and sedimentology to present the first record of OAE2 from the northern Gulf of Mexico shelf. Here, OAE2 occurred during the deposition of the well-oxygenated, inner neritic/lower estuarine Lower Tuscaloosa Sandstone. The overlying organic-rich oxygen-poor Marine Tuscaloosa Shale is entirely Turonian in age. We trace organic matter enrichment from the Spinks Core into the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, where wireline log calculations and public geochemical data indicate organic enrichment and anoxia throughout the Cenomanian-Turonian boundary interval. Redox change and organic matter preservation across the Gulf of Mexico shelf was driven by sea level rise prior to the early Turonian highstand, which caused the advection of nutrient-rich, oxygen-poor waters onto the shelf. This results in organic matter mass accumulation rates 1-2 orders of magnitude lower than upwelling sites like the NW African margin, but it likely occurred over a much larger geographic area, suggesting sea level rise was an important component of the overall increase in carbon burial during OAE2.
1	 We report on data from an oceanographic cruise, covering western, central and eastern parts of the Mediterranean Sea, on the French research vessel Tethys 2 in May 2015. This cruise was fully dedicated to the maintenance and the metrological verification of a biogeochemical observing system based on a fleet of BGC-Argo floats. During the cruise, a comprehensive dataset of parameters sensed by the autonomous network was collected. The measurements include ocean currents, seawater salinity and temperature, concentration of inorganic nutrients, of dissolved oxygen, and chlorophyll pigments. The analytical protocols and data processing methods are detailed, together with a first assessment of the calibration state for all the sensors deployed during the cruise. Data collected at stations are available under, data collected along ship track are available under.
1	 The rock-hosted subseafloor crustal aquifer harbors a reservoir of microbial life that may influence global marine biogeochemical cycles. Here we utilized metagenomic libraries of crustal fluid samples from North Pond, located on the flanks of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge, a site with cold, oxic subseafloor fluid circulation within the upper basement to query microbial diversity. Twenty-one samples were collected during a 2-year period to examine potential microbial metabolism and community dynamics. We observed minor changes in the geochemical signatures over the 2 years, yet the microbial community present in the crustal fluids underwent large shifts in the dominant taxonomic groups. An analysis of 195 metagenome-assembled genomes (MAGs) were generated from the data set and revealed a connection between litho- and autotrophic processes, linking carbon fixation to the oxidation of sulfide, sulfur, thiosulfate, hydrogen, and ferrous iron in members of the Proteobacteria, specifically the Alpha-, Gamma- and Zetaproteobacteria, the Epsilonbacteraeota and the Planctomycetes. Despite oxic conditions, analysis of the MAGs indicated that members of the microbial community were poised to exploit hypoxic or anoxic conditions through the use of microaerobic cytochromes, such as cbb3- and bd-type cytochromes, and alternative electron acceptors, like nitrate and sulfate. Temporal and spatial trends from the MAGs revealed a high degree of functional redundancy that did not correlate with the shifting microbial community membership, suggesting functional stability in mediating subseafloor biogeochemical cycles. Collectively, the repeated sampling at multiple sites, together with the successful binning of hundreds of genomes, provides an unprecedented data set for investigation of microbial communities in the cold, oxic crustal aquifer.
1	 Canadian and US Department of Energy researchers have released 50 years’ worth of data chronicling the deoxygenating cycles of a fjord off Canada’s west coast, and detailing the response of the microbial communities inhabiting the fjord. The mass of data, collected in two new Nature family papers, could help scientists better predict the impact of human activities and ocean deoxygenation on marine environments. Currently, oxygen minimum zones (OMZs) constitute up to 7 percent of global ocean volume. Continued expansion of OMZs in the northeastern subarctic Pacific has the potential to transport oxygen-depleted waters into coastal regions, adversely affecting nutrient cycles and fisheries productivity. “We live on an ocean-dominated planet, and the ocean's cellular life is in turn dominated by microbial communities that form interaction networks which are both resilient and responsive to environmental perturbation,” said University of British Columbia microbiologist Steven Hallam.
1	 Over the last decades, the Humboldt Current upwelling ecosystem, particularly the northern component off the coast of Peru, has drawn the interest of the scientific community because of its unique characteristics: it is the upwelling system with the biggest catch productivity despite the fact it is embedded in a shallow and intense oxygen minimum zone (OMZ). It is also an area of intense nitrogen loss and anammox activity and experiences large interannual variability associated with the equatorial remote forcing. In this context, we examined the oceanographic and biogeochemical variability associated with the OMZ off central Peru from a monthly time series (1996–2011) recorded off the coast of Callao (12° 02′ S, 77° 29′ W). The data reveal a rich spectrum of variability in the OMZ that includes frequencies ranging from seasonal to interannual scales. Due to the efficient oceanic teleconnection off Peru, the observed variability is interpreted in the light of an estimate of the equatorial Kelvin wave contribution to sea level anomalies considering the peculiarities of its vertical structure (i.e., the first two baroclinic modes). The span of the data set allows us to contrast two OMZ regimes. The strong regime is associated with the strong 1997–1998 equatorial Pacific El Niño, during which the OMZ adjusted to Kelvin-wave-induced downwelling conditions that switched off the upwelling and drastically reduced nutrient availability. The weak regime corresponds to the post-2000 period associated with the occurrence of moderate central Pacific El Niño events and enhanced equatorial Kelvin wave activity, in which mean upwelling conditions are maintained. It is shown that the characteristics of the coupling between physics and biogeochemistry is distinct between the two regimes with the weak regime being associated with a larger explained variance in biogeochemical properties not linearly related to the ENSO oceanic teleconnection. The data also reveal a long-term trend from 1999 corresponding to a deepening of the oxygen-deficient waters and warming. The implications of our results for understanding the OMZ dynamics off Peru are discussed.
1	 Today in Scientific Data, two compendia of geochemical and multi-omic sequence information (DNA, RNA, protein) generated over almost a decade of time series monitoring in a seasonally anoxic coastal marine setting are presented to the scientific community. These data descriptors introduce a model ecosystem for the study of microbial responses to ocean deoxygenation, a phenotype that is currently expanding due to climate change. Public access to this time series information is intended to promote scientific collaborations and the generation of new hypotheses relevant to microbial ecology, biogeochemistry and global change issues. The ocean is changing. In addition to becoming warmer and more acidic, dissolved O2 concentrations within coastal and interior regions are decreasing, resulting in oxygen minimum zone (OMZ) expansion1,​2,​3. Ocean deoxygenation can negatively impact ecosystem functions and services through changes in food web structure and biological diversity4,5. For example, over the last 50 years, Northeastern subarctic Pacific (NESAP) surface waters have warmed and freshened due to climate change making the upper ocean more buoyant with concomitant stratification6. This process is associated with a slowing down of the North Pacific Intermediate Water (NPIW) formation and persistent deoxygenation within the ocean’s interior. Oxygen concentrations within the core of the NESAP OMZ have decreased by 22% and the hypoxic boundary (defined as 60 μmol/kg) has shoaled upwards from 400 to 300 m. In coastal waters west of Vancouver Island (BC, Canada), wind patterns and the divergence of the surface waters to the north and south create an upwelling regime that brings up subsurface waters from depths of 100 to 250 m6. Continued OMZ expansion in the NESAP has the potential to transport oxygen-depleted waters into coastal regions adversely effecting fisheries productivity. Indeed, fish and crab kills induced by water column deoxygenation have already been observed along the coast of Oregon, Washington, and British Columbia7. These ecological impacts represent a recurring theme throughout the global ocean that transcends the anthropogenic boundaries of single nations or states.
1	 The eight-year interdisciplinary study, which began in 2009 and involved more than 250 scientist in the German research network on ocean acidification BIOACID (Biological Impacts of Ocean Acidification), investigated how different marine species respond to ocean acidification – a change in the ocean chemistry that occurs when carbon dioxide (CO2) from the atmosphere dissolves in seawater. In addition to ocean acidification, the study, Exploring Ocean Change: Biological Impacts of Ocean Acidification, also examined the cascading effect of other stressors such as ocean warming, deoxygenation, overfishing and eutrophication – the increased concentration of nutrients in estuaries and coastal waters that causes harmful algal blooms, ocean dead zones and fish kills. By taking up carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, the ocean slows down global climate change. It acts as a gigantic carbon sink, without which our planet would heat up much more and much faster than we observe today. But as carbon dioxide dissolves in the ocean, it triggers a chemical reaction with far-reaching consequences: carbonic acid is produced and the water becomes more acidic – its pH declines, the study said.
1	 As a gigantic carbon sink, the ocean has taken up about a third of the carbon dioxide (CO2) released into the atmosphere by human activities. But when absorbed by seawater, the greenhouse gas triggers chemical reactions, causing the ocean to acidify. Ocean acidification affects ecosystems and important services the ocean provides to humankind. This includes the regulation of the Earth's climate, food provision, recreation as well as biodiversity as a condition for intact and functioning ecosystems. "We need to see ourselves as part of a global system and understand the many ways in which we depend on the ocean and its services. Because everyone in this global community will be affected by climate change, it will be for our own benefit if we manage to reduce carbon dioxide emissions in such a way that global warming is limited to less than 2 degrees Celsius", says Prof. Ulf Riebesell, marine biologist at GEOMAR Helmholtz Centre for Ocean Research Kiel and coordinator of BIOACID. "The future of this planet depends on us. Wouldn't it be a great achievement if the anthropocene, the age of human dominance on Earth, goes down in history as an era of rethinking and changing behaviour?" According to Hans-Otto Pörtner, co-coordinator of BIOACID, marine ecophysiologist at Alfred Wegener Institute, Helmholtz Centre for Polar and Marine Research and Co-Chair of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Working Group II, all countries would need to reduce their carbon dioxide emissions drastically by the middle of this century if they wish to reach the Paris climate targets. "The current world climate report indicates clearly that net-zero emissions are a precondition for limiting global warming to well below 2 degrees Celsius. However, reducing CO2 emissions alone may not be sufficient. Net removal of CO2 from the atmosphere would have to contribute. This is already technically possible, but the challenge is to develop and implement the respective technologies at a larger scale. The later the emission reductions start and the longer this process takes, the more difficult and costly it becomes to stay in line with the Paris agreement."
1	 Every 2–7 years, El Niño events trigger a strong decrease in phytoplankton productivity off Peru, which profoundly alters the environmental landscape and trophic chain of the marine ecosystem. Here we use a regional coupled physical-biogeochemical model to study the dynamical processes involved in the productivity changes during El Nino, with a focus on the strongest events of the 1958–2008 period. Model evaluation using satellite and in situ observations shows that the model reproduces the surface and subsurface interannual physical and biogeochemical variability. During El Niño, the thermocline and nutricline deepen significantly during the passage of coastal-trapped waves. While the upwelling-favorable wind increases, the coastal upwelling is compensated by a shoreward geostrophic near-surface current. The depth of upwelling source waters remains unchanged during El Niño but their nutrient content decreases dramatically, which, along with a mixed layer depth increase, impacts the phytoplankton growth. Offshore of the coastal zone, enhanced eddy-induced subduction during El Niño plays a potentially important role in nutrient loss.
1	 Abstract. The upwelling system off central Chile (36.5° S) is seasonally subjected to oxygen (O2)-deficient waters, with a strong vertical gradient in O2 (from oxic to anoxic conditions) that spans a few metres (30–50 m interval) over the shelf. This condition inhibits and/or stimulates processes involved in nitrogen (N) removal (e.g. anammox, denitrification, and nitrification). During austral spring (September 2013) and summer (January 2014), the main pathways involved in N loss and its speciation, in the form of N2 and/or N2O, were studied using 15N-tracer incubations, inhibitor assays, and the natural abundance of nitrate isotopes along with hydrographic information. Incubations were developed using water retrieved from the oxycline (25 m depth) and bottom waters (85 m depth) over the continental shelf off Concepción, Chile. Results of 15N-labelled incubations revealed higher N removal activity during the austral summer, with denitrification as the dominant N2-producing pathway, which occurred together with anammox at all times. Interestingly, in both spring and summer maximum potential N removal rates were observed in the oxycline, where a greater availability of oxygen was observed (maximum O2 fluctuation between 270 and 40 µmol L−1) relative to the hypoxic bottom waters ( <  20 µmol O2 L−1). Different pathways were responsible for N2O produced in the oxycline and bottom waters, with ammonium oxidation and dissimilatory nitrite reduction, respectively, as the main source processes. Ammonium produced by dissimilatory nitrite reduction to ammonium (DNiRA) could sustain both anammox and nitrification rates, including the ammonium utilized for N2O production. The temporal and vertical variability of δ15N-NO3− confirms that multiple N-cycling processes are modulating the isotopic nitrate composition over the shelf off central Chile during spring and summer. N removal processes in this coastal system appear to be related to the availability and distribution of oxygen and particles, which are a source of organic matter and the fuel for the production of other electron donors (i.e. ammonium) and acceptors (i.e. nitrate and nitrite) after its remineralization. These results highlight the links between several pathways involved in N loss. They also establish that different mechanisms supported by alternative N substrates are responsible for substantial accumulation of N2O, which are frequently observed as hotspots in the oxycline and bottom waters. Considering the extreme variation in oxygen observed in several coastal upwelling systems, these findings could help to understand the ecological and biogeochemical implications due to global warming where intensification and/or expansion of the oceanic OMZs is projected.
1	 The Puyuhuapi Fjord is an atypical fjord, with two mouths, located in northern Patagonia (44.7° S). One mouth lies to the south, close to the Pacific Ocean, whilst the second connects with the Jacaf Channel to the north where a shallow sill inhibits deep water ventilation contributing to the hypoxic conditions below ~ 100 m depth. Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler moorings, scientific echo sounder transects, and in-situ abundance measurements were used to study zooplankton assemblages and migration patterns along Puyuhuapi Fjord and Jacaf Channel. The acoustic records and in-situ zooplankton data revealed diel vertical migrations of siphonophores, euphausiids and copepods. A dense layer of zooplankton was observed along Puyuhuapi Fjord between the surface and the top of the hypoxic layer (~ 100 m), which acted as a physic-chemical barrier to the distribution and migration of the zooplankton. Aggregations of zooplankton and fishes were generally more abundant around the sill in Jacaf Channel than anywhere within Puyuhuapi Fjord. In particular, zooplanktons were distributed throughout the entire water column to ~ 200 m depth, with no evidence of a hypoxic boundary. Turbulence measurements taken near the sill in the Jacaf Channel indicated high turbulent kinetic energy dissipation rates (ε ~ 10−4 W kg−1) and vertical diapycnal eddy diffusivity (Kρ ~ 10−2 m2 s−1) values. These elevated vertical mixing ensures that the water column well oxygenated and promotes zooplanktons aggregation. The sill region represents a major topographic contrast between the two fjords, and we suggest that this is an feature for future research on carbon export and fluxes in these fjords.
1	 Pteropods are among the first responders to ocean acidification and warming, but have not yet been widely explored as carriers of marine paleoenvironmental signals. In order to characterize the stable isotopic composition of aragonitic pteropod shells and their variation in response to climate change parameters, such as seawater temperature, pteropod shells (Heliconoides inflatus) were collected along a latitudinal transect in the Atlantic Ocean (31° N to 38° S). Comparison of shell oxygen isotopic composition to depth changes in the calculated aragonite equilibrium oxygen isotope values implies shallow calcification depths for H. inflatus (75 m). This species is therefore a good potential proxy carrier for past variations in surface ocean properties. Furthermore, we identified pteropod shells to be excellent recorders of climate change, as carbonate ion concentration and temperature in the upper water column have dominant influences on pteropod shell carbon and oxygen isotopic composition. These results, in combination with a broad distribution and high abundance, make the pteropod species studied here, H. inflatus, a promising new proxy carrier in paleoceanography.
1	 Methane and nitrous oxide are potent greenhouse gases (GHGs) that contribute to climate change. Coastal sediments are important GHG producers, but the contribution of macrofauna (benthic invertebrates larger than 1 mm) inhabiting them is currently unknown. Through a combination of trace gas, isotope, and molecular analyses, we studied the direct and indirect contribution of two macrofaunal groups, polychaetes and bivalves, to methane and nitrous oxide fluxes from coastal sediments. Our results indicate that macrofauna increases benthic methane efflux by a factor of up to eight, potentially accounting for an estimated 9.5% of total emissions from the Baltic Sea. Polychaetes indirectly enhance methane efflux through bioturbation, while bivalves have a direct effect on methane release. Bivalves host archaeal methanogenic symbionts carrying out preferentially hydrogenotrophic methanogenesis, as suggested by analysis of methane isotopes. Low temperatures (8 °C) also stimulate production of nitrous oxide, which is consumed by benthic denitrifying bacteria before it reaches the water column. We show that macrofauna contributes to GHG production and that the extent is dependent on lineage. Thus, macrofauna may play an important, but overlooked role in regulating GHG production and exchange in coastal sediment ecosystems.
1	 Global reactive nitrogen (N) has increased dramatically in coastal marine ecosystems over the past decades and caused numerous eco-environmental problems. Coastal marine sediment plays a critical role in N losses via denitrification and anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox) and release of nitrous oxide (N2O). However, both the magnitude and contributions of denitrification, anammox, and N2O production in sediments still remain unclear, causing uncertainty in defining the N budget for coastal marine ecosystems. Here potential rates of N losses, and their contributions and controlling factors, were investigated in surface sediments during six cruises from 429 sites of the East China Sea. The potential rates of denitrification, anammox, and N2O production varied both spatially and seasonally, but the contribution of anammmox to total N2 production (%anammox) and N2O:N2 ratio only varied spatially. Both organic carbon and nitrate (NO3−) were important factors controlling N losses, N2O:N2 ratio, and %anammox. Our results also showed that marine organic carbon induced by eutrophication plays an important role in stimulating reactive N removal and increasing N2O production in warm seasons. The sediment N loss caused by denitrification, anammox, and N2O production in the study area were estimated at 2.2 × 106 t N yr−1, 4.6 × 105 t N yr−1, and 8 × 103 t N yr−1, respectively. Although sediments remove large quantities of reactive N, they act as an important source of N2O in this region influenced by NO3−-laden rivers.
1	 Atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations have been rising during the past century, leading to ocean acidification (OA). Coastal and estuarine habitats experience annual pH variability that vastly exceeds the magnitude of long-term projections in open ocean regions. Eastern oyster (Crassostrea virginica) reproduction season coincides with periods of low pH occurrence in estuaries, thus we investigated effects of moderate (pH 7.5, pCO2 2260 µatm) and severe OA (pH 7.1, pCO2 5584 µatm; and 6.7, pCO2 18480 µatm) on oyster gametogenesis, fertilization, and early larval development successes. Exposure at severe OA during gametogenesis caused disruption in oyster reproduction. Oogenesis appeared to be more sensitive compared to spermatogenesis. However, Eastern oyster reproduction was resilient to moderate OA projected for the near-future. In the context of projected climate change exacerbating seasonal acidification, OA of coastal habitats could represent a significant bottleneck for oyster reproduction which may have profound negative implications for coastal ecosystems reliant on this keystone species.
1	 A more acidic ocean under climate change threatens to reconfigure entire ecosystems by advantaging some fish species to the detriment of others, a new study has found. The research is one of only a few that go beyond the lab to study how species interactions are changing in nature under more extreme conditions. Researchers from the University of Adelaide and the University of Hong Kong showed that a higher concentration of carbon dioxide in the oceans, which reacts to turn seawater more acidic, favors common fish species, allowing them to double their populations. But that might also mean the downfall of rarer, subordinate competitors, leading to biodiversity loss and a total restructuring of fish communities, with numerous ecological impacts.
1	 Eutrophication-induced hypoxia is one of the primary anthropogenic threats to coastal ecosystems. Under hypoxic conditions, a deficit of O2 and a surplus of CO2 will concurrently decrease pH, yet studies of hypoxia have seldom considered the potential interactions with elevated pCO2 (reduced pH). Previous studies on gelatinous organisms concluded that they are fairly robust to low oxygen and reduced pH conditions individually, yet the combination of stressors has only been examined for ephyrae. The goals of this study were to determine the individual and interactive effects of hypoxia and elevated pCO2 on the asexual reproduction and aerobic respiration rates of polyps of the scyphozoan Aurelia aurita during a manipulative experiment that ran for 36 d. pCO2 and pO2 were varied on a diel basis to closely mimic the diel conditions observed in the field. Exposure to low dissolved oxygen (DO) reduced asexual budding of polyps by ~50% relative to control conditions. Under hypoxic conditions, rates of respiration were elevated during an initial acclimation period (until Day 8), but respiration rates did not differ between DO levels under prolonged exposure. There was no significant effect of increased pCO2 on either asexual reproduction or aerobic respiration, suggesting that elevated pCO2 (reduced pH) did not exacerbate the negative reproductive effects of hypoxia on A. aurita polyps.
1	 Climate variability alters nitrogen cycling, primary productivity, and dissolved oxygen concentration in marine ecosystems. We examined the role of this variability (as measured by six variables) on food chain length (FCL) in the California Current (CC) by reconstructing a time series of amino acid–specific δ15N values derived from common dolphins, an apex pelagic predator, and using two FCL proxies. Strong declines in FCL were observed after the 1997–1999 El Niño Southern Oscillation (ENSO) event. Bayesian models revealed longer FCLs under intermediate conditions for surface temperature, chlorophyll concentration, multivariate ENSO index, and total plankton volume but not for hypoxic depth and nitrate concentration. Our results challenge the prevalent paradigm that suggested long-term stability in the food web structure in the CC and, instead, reveal that pelagic food webs respond strongly to disturbances associated with ENSO events, local oceanography, and ongoing changes in climate.
1	 The combination of high primary productivity and weak ventilation in the Arabian Sea (AS) and Bay of Bengal (BoB) generates vast areas of depleted oxygen, known as oxygen minimum zones (OMZs). The AS OMZ is the world's thickest and hosts up to 40% of global denitrification. In contrast, the OMZ in the BoB is weaker and denitrification free. Using a series of model simulations, we show that the deeper remineralization depth (RD) in the BoB, potentially associated with organic matter aggregation with riverine mineral particles, contributes to weaken its OMZ. When the RD is set uniformly across both seas, the model fails to reproduce the observed contrast between the two OMZs, irrespective of the chosen RD. In contrast, when the RD is allowed to vary spatially, the contrasting distributions of oxygen and nitrate are correctly reproduced, and water column denitrification is simulated exclusively in the AS, in agreement with observations.
1	 Anthropogenic inputs are increasing the CO2 content of the atmosphere, and the CO2 and total inorganic C in the surface ocean and, to a lesser degree, the deep ocean. The greenhouse effect of the increased CO2 (and, to a lesser extent, other greenhouse gases) is very probably the major cause of present global warming. The warming increases temperature of the atmosphere and the surface ocean to a greater extent than the deep ocean, with shoaling of the thermocline, decreasing nutrient flux to the surface ocean where there is greater mean photosynthetic photon flux density. These global changes influence algae in nature. However, it is clear that algae are important, via the biological pump, in decreasing the steady state atmospheric and ocean surface CO2, and thus decreasing radiative forcing, a reduction enhanced by algal increases in albedo. As well as these natural processes there are possibilities that algae can, with human intervention, partly offset the increase in atmospheric CO2. One possibility is to grow algae as sources of fuel for transport, in principle providing an energy source that is close to CO2-neutral. The other possibility is to increase the role of algae in sequestering CO2 as organic C over periods of hundreds or more years in the deep ocean and marine sediments and/or increasing albedo and decreasing radiative forcing of temperature. There are problems, currently unresolved, in the economically viable production of algal biofuels without carbon trading subsidies. Enhanced algal CO2 sequestration also has costs, both in resource input (phosphorus (P) from high P content rocks, a limited resource with a competing use as an agricultural fertilizer) and adverse environmental effects. For example, ocean anoxic zones producing N2O and increased algal production of short-lived halocarbons by algae that both, through breakdown, destroy O3 and increase UV flux to the Earth’s surface.
1	 In June, federal scientists predicted a bigger-than-average oxygen-deprived dead zone in the Chesapeake Bay this summer, and it turns out they were right. Researchers with the Virginia Institute of Marine Science who study bay hypoxia announced Monday that the total amount of dead zones this summer was the worst since 2014, and a 10 percent increase over last year. This, despite a drop in the overall duration and maximum extent of dead zones compared with 2016. “The time period from beginning to the end was just a little shorter than usual,” said VIMS marine biologist Marjorie Friedrichs in a phone call Monday. “But the peaks — when it was bad, it was really bad.” VIMS, based in Gloucester Point, has used a real-time, three-dimensional forecast model since 2014 to gauge various hypoxia metrics in the bay, including volume and duration, the average summer volume and the cumulative or total amount in a given year, generated by adding up each day’s hypoxic volume. Tallying up the daily volume, researchers estimated there were 919 cubic kilometers of hypoxia during 2017. This is larger than the 833 cubic kilometers in 2016, 757 cubic kilometers in 2015 and 918 cubic kilometers in 2014.
1	 On the Western Coast, there have been low-oxygen levels forming in the ocean at the bottom layers. These are called hypoxia and are becoming a huge concern for fishers and scientists alike—everyone know that crabs and fish are critical to research, ecosystems and the whole industry. “We’re always on the lookout to see, is this going to be a bad year?” claimed Francis Chan, who is a marine ecologist from Oregon State University that examines ocean chemistry. And by every account, the year 2017 has been a very bad year. Researchers originally received reports of dying crabs in pots located off the coast of Oregon in year 2002. Ever since that time, there have been years when oxygen levels in a few areas have dropped to zero and even remain at that level for weeks and possibly even months. Many marine animals are pretty resilient, but whenever the oxygen level gets low and stays there for a while, like they did in the year 2006, claims Chan, “very few things make it.” This summer, we have seen a dreadful hypoxia season which appears to have begun in July, when scientists started noticing crabs had died inside a research pot. Cameras that were trained on this pot “caught the low-oxygen zone red-handed.” Scientists began collecting samples of juvenile fish and could hardly catch anything at all. It was not until the middle of September, after a sea storm had stirred the ocean layers, before oxygen levels returned to normal. The thing is that the low oxygen levels are not occurring out in open waters. “Right past where the waves are breaking, that’s where it starts,” Chan pointed out. Even though these effects are primarily seen next to the shoreline, hypoxia is believed to be tied to water chemistry changes that are occurring   in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. “Our coastal ocean is connected to the global ocean in a very intimate way,” he stated. In order to monitor ocean oxygen and chemistry levels, researchers began placing sensors that are capable of measuring oxygen levels, currents, and temperatures. “This gives us a good idea of how things are evolving,” noted Chan. They are also taking note of what is reported by fishers and crabbers. “We don’t have sensors everywhere,” he claims, thus, whenever they hear of dead crabs this can quickly inform them exactly where low oxygen pockets are located.
1	 Although regime shifts are known from various ecosystems, the involvement of microbial communities is poorly understood. Here we show that gradual environmental changes induced by, for example, eutrophication or global warming can induce major oxic-anoxic regime shifts. We first investigate a mathematical model describing interactions between microbial communities and biogeochemical oxidation-reduction reactions. In response to gradual changes in oxygen influx, this model abruptly transitions between an oxic state dominated by cyanobacteria and an anoxic state with sulfate-reducing bacteria and phototrophic sulfur bacteria. The model predictions are consistent with observations from a seasonally stratified lake, which shows hysteresis in the transition between oxic and anoxic states with similar changes in microbial community composition. Our results suggest that hysteresis loops and tipping points are a common feature of oxic-anoxic transitions, causing rapid drops in oxygen levels that are not easily reversed, at scales ranging from small ponds to global oceanic anoxic events.
1	 The concentration of dissolved oxygen (O2) plays fundamental roles in diverse chemical and biological processes throughout the oceans. The balance between the physical supply and the biological consumption controls the O2 level of the interior ocean, and the O2 supply to the deep waters can only occur through deep convection in the polar oceans. We develop a theoretical framework describing the oceanic O2 uptake during open-ocean deep convection events and test it against a suite of numerical sensitivity experiments. Our framework allows for two predictions, confirmed by the numerical simulations. First, both the duration and the intensity of the wintertime cooling contribute to the total O2 uptake for a given buoyancy loss. Stronger cooling leads to deeper convection and the oxygenation can reach down to deeper depths. Longer duration of the cooling period increases the total amount of O2 uptake over the convective season. Second, the bubble-mediated influx of O2 tends to weaken the diffusive influx by shifting the air-sea disequilibrium of O2 toward supersaturation. The degree of compensation between the diffusive and bubble-mediated gas exchange depends on the dimensionless number measuring the relative strength of oceanic vertical mixing and the gas transfer velocity. Strong convective mixing, which may occur under strong cooling, reduces the degree of compensation so that the two components of gas exchange together drive exceptionally strong oceanic O2 uptake.
1	 The effects of ocean acidification on marine life have only become widely recognized in the past decade. Now researchers are rapidly expanding the scope of investigations into what falling pH means for ocean ecosystems. THE OCEAN IS becoming increasingly acidic as climate change accelerates and scientists are ramping up investigations into the impact on marine life and ecosystems. In just a few years, the young field of ocean acidification research has expanded rapidly – progressing from short-term experiments on single species to complex, long-term studies that encompass interactions across interdependent species. “Like any discipline, it takes it time to mature, and now we’re seeing that maturing process,” said Shallin Busch, who studies ocean acidification at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s (NOAA) Northwest Fisheries Science Center in Seattle. As the ocean absorbs carbon dioxide from the burning of fossil fuels, the pH of seawater falls. The resulting increase in acidity hinders the ability of coral, crabs, oysters, clams and other marine animals to form shells and skeletons made of calcium carbonate. While the greenhouse gas effect from pumping carbon dioxide into the atmosphere has been known for decades, it wasn’t until the mid-2000s that the impacts of ocean acidification became widely recognized. In fact, there is no mention of acidification in the first three reports from the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, issued in 1990, 1995 and 2001. Ocean acidification did receive a brief mention in the 2007 report summarizing the then-current state of climate science, and finally was discussed at length in the latest edition released in 2014. But about halfway through that brief dozen years of acidification research, a shift started taking place.
1	 Expansion of oxygen deficient waters (hypoxia) in the northeast Pacific Ocean (NEP) will have marked impacts on marine life. The response of the resident communities will be a function of their ecophysiological constraints in low oxygen, although this remains untested in the NEP due to a lack of integrative studies. Here, we combine in situ surveys and lab-based respirometry experiments were conducted on three indicator species (spot prawn Pandalus platyceros, slender sole Lyopsetta exilis, squat lobster Munida quadrispina) of seasonally hypoxic systems in the NEP to test if metabolic constraints determine distributions and energy sequestration in a hypoxic setting. These experiments were integrated with a global review of critical oxygen levels ( math formula; lower threshold of aerobic metabolism) for crustaceans to determine if  math formula-based hypoxia thresholds are different among ocean basins. Our results show that species-specific differences in  math formula and standard metabolic rates (1) determine the lowest environmental oxygen ([O2]env) at which in situ populations occur, (2) result in disproportionate shifts in distributions among co-occurring species during summer hypoxia expansion events, and (3) characterize shifts in megafaunal community respiration rates due to marked spatio-temporal variability in [O2]env. Our results show that  math formula-based hypoxia thresholds are significantly lower in the East Pacific Ocean relative to other major ocean basins, which suggests that the physiological response of local fauna to deoxygenation can be determined by the natural variability and oxygen exposure in a region. In order to establish realistic predictions on the biological consequences of marine deoxygenation, we suggest integrating metabolism-based traits to calculate hypoxia thresholds for marine ecosystems.
1	 One of the main expected responses of marine fishes to ocean warming is decrease in body size, as supported by evidence from empirical data and theoretical modeling. The theoretical underpinning for fish shrinking is that the oxygen supply to large fish size cannot be met by their gills, whose surface area cannot keep up with the oxygen demand by their three-dimensional bodies. However, Lefevre et al. (Global Change Biology, 2017, 23, 3449–3459) argue against such theory. Here, we re-assert, with the Gill-Oxygen Limitation Theory (GOLT), that gills, which must retain the properties of open surfaces because their growth, even while hyperallometric, cannot keep up with the demand of growing three-dimensional bodies. Also, we show that a wide range of biological features of fish and other water-breathing organisms can be understood when gill area limitation is used as an explanation. We also note that an alternative to GOLT, offering a more parsimonious explanation for these features of water-breathers has not been proposed. Available empirical evidence corroborates predictions of decrease in body sizes under ocean warming based on GOLT, with the magnitude of the predicted change increases when using more species-specific parameter values of metabolic scaling.
1	 A broad spectrum of events that come under the category of macroalgal blooms are recognized world-wide as a response to elevated levels of eutrophication in coastal areas. In the Yellow Sea of China, green tides have consecutively occurred 10 years, which is considered as the world’s largest Ulva blooms. However, in recently years, golden tides caused by Sargassum seaweed have also been on the rapid rise, resulting in dramatic damage to the environment and economy again. This review introduced the formation of two macroalgal blooms in the Yellow Sea and reasonable measures to mitigate them, thus safeguarding the intrinsic and commercial value of coastal marine ecosystems.
1	 Marine species are being impacted by climate change and ocean acidification, although their level of vulnerability varies due to differences in species' sensitivity, adaptive capacity and exposure to climate hazards. Due to limited data on the biological and ecological attributes of many marine species, as well as inherent uncertainties in the assessment process, climate change vulnerability assessments in the marine environment frequently focus on a limited number of taxa or geographic ranges. As climate change is already impacting marine biodiversity and fisheries, there is an urgent need to expand vulnerability assessment to cover a large number of species and areas. Here, we develop a modelling approach to synthesize data on species-specific estimates of exposure, and ecological and biological traits to undertake an assessment of vulnerability (sensitivity and adaptive capacity) and risk of impacts (combining exposure to hazards and vulnerability) of climate change (including ocean acidification) for global marine fishes and invertebrates. We use a fuzzy logic approach to accommodate the variability in data availability and uncertainties associated with inferring vulnerability levels from climate projections and species' traits. Applying the approach to estimate the relative vulnerability and risk of impacts of climate change in 1074 exploited marine species globally, we estimated their index of vulnerability and risk of impacts to be on average 52 ± 19 SD and 66 ± 11 SD, scaling from 1 to 100, with 100 being the most vulnerable and highest risk, respectively, under the ‘business-as-usual' greenhouse gas emission scenario (Representative Concentration Pathway 8.5). We identified 157 species to be highly vulnerable while 294 species are identified as being at high risk of impacts. Species that are most vulnerable tend to be large-bodied endemic species. This study suggests that the fuzzy logic framework can help estimate climate vulnerabilities and risks of exploited marine species using publicly and readily available information.
1	 Ocean surface warming is commonly associated with a more stratified, less productive, and less oxygenated ocean. Such an assertion is mainly based on consistent projections of increased near-surface stratification and shallower mixed layers under global warming scenarios. However, while the observed sea surface temperature (SST) is rising at midlatitudes, the concurrent ocean record shows that stratification is not unequivocally increasing nor is MLD shoaling. We find that while SST increases at three study areas at midlatitudes, stratification both increases and decreases, and MLD deepens with enhanced deepening of winter MLDs at rates over  math formula. These results rely on the estimation of several MLD and stratification indexes of different complexity on hydrographic profiles from long-term hydrographic time-series, ocean reanalysis, and Argo floats. Combining this information with estimated MLDs from buoyancy fluxes and the enhanced deepening/attenuation of the winter MLD trends due to changes in the Ekman pumping, MLD variability involves a subtle interplay between circulation and atmospheric forcing at midlatitudes. Besides, it is highlighted that the density difference between the surface and 200 m, the most widely used stratification index, should not be expected to reliably inform about changes in the vertical extent of mixing.
1	 The expansion and contraction of sulfidic depositional conditions in the oceans can be tracked with the isotopic composition of molybdenum in marine sediments. However, molybdenum-isotope data are often subject to multiple conflicting interpretations. Here I present a compilation of molybdenum-isotope data from three time intervals: the Toarcian Oceanic Anoxic Event about 183 million years ago, Oceanic Anoxic Event 2 about 94 million years ago, and two early Eocene hyperthermal events from 56 to 54 million years ago. A comparison of data from sites located in different hydrographic settings tightly constrains the molybdenum cycle for these intervals, allowing a direct comparison of the expanse of sulfidic conditions in each interval compared to today. Nonetheless, tracing rates of redox change over such rapid climatic events using molybdenum isotopes remains challenging. Future efforts to achieve this goal might be accomplished by analysing specific mineral phases, using complementary redox-sensitive geochemical techniques and by linking isotopic observations with Earth system modelling. Such improvements will make it possible to more fully assess the links between ocean deoxygenation, climatic and oceanographic changes, and biotic turnover.
1	 Sharp increases in atmospheric CO2 are resulting in ocean warming, acidification and deoxygenation that threaten marine organisms on continental margins and their ecological functions and resulting ecosystem services. The relative influence of these stressors on biodiversity remains unclear, as well as the threshold levels for change and when secondary stressors become important. One strategy to interpret adaptation potential and predict future faunal change is to examine ecological shifts along natural gradients in the modern ocean. Here, we assess the explanatory power of temperature, oxygen and the carbonate system for macrofaunal diversity and evenness along continental upwelling margins using variance partitioning techniques. Oxygen levels have the strongest explanatory capacity for variation in species diversity. Sharp drops in diversity are seen as O2 levels decline through the 0.5–0.15 ml l−1 (approx. 22–6 µM; approx. 21–5 matm) range, and as temperature increases through the 7–10°C range. pCO2 is the best explanatory variable in the Arabian Sea, but explains little of the variance in diversity in the eastern Pacific Ocean. By contrast, very little variation in evenness is explained by these three global change variables. The identification of sharp thresholds in ecological response are used here to predict areas of the seafloor where diversity is most at risk to future marine global change, noting that the existence of clear regional differences cautions against applying global thresholds.
1	 Oxygen concentrations are hypothesized to decrease in many areas of the ocean as a result of anthropogenically driven climate change, resulting in habitat compression for pelagic animals. The oxygen partial pressure, pO2, at which blood is 50% saturated (P50) is a measure of blood oxygen affinity and a gauge of the tolerance of animals for low ambient oxygen. Tuna species display a wide range of blood oxygen affinities (i.e., P50 values) and therefore may be differentially impacted by habitat compression as they make extensive vertical movements to forage on subdaily time scales. To project the effects of end-of-the-century climate change on tuna habitat, we calculate tuna P50 depths (i.e., the vertical position in the water column at which ambient pO2 is equal to species-specific blood P50 values) from 21st century Earth System Model (ESM) projections included in the fifth phase of the Climate Model Intercomparison Project (CMIP5). Overall, we project P50 depths to shoal, indicating likely habitat compression for tuna species due to climate change. Tunas that will be most impacted by shoaling are Pacific and southern bluefin tunas—habitat compression is projected for the entire geographic range of Pacific bluefin tuna and for the spawning region of southern bluefin tuna. Vertical shifts in P50 depths will potentially influence resource partitioning among Pacific bluefin, bigeye, yellowfin, and skipjack tunas in the northern subtropical and eastern tropical Pacific Ocean, the Arabian Sea, and the Bay of Bengal. By establishing linkages between tuna physiology and environmental conditions, we provide a mechanistic basis to project the effects of anthropogenic climate change on tuna habitats.
1	 Spatial variation in environmental conditions can elicit predictable size and morphological responses in marine organisms through influences on physiology. Thus, spatial and temporal variation in marine organism size and shape are often used to infer paleoenvironmental conditions, such as dissolved oxygen concentrations. Benthic foraminifera commonly serve as a tool for reconstructing past ocean oxygen levels. For example, benthic foraminiferal species assemblages, within- and among-species patterns of test morphology, and geochemical analyses of carbonate tests are often employed to reconstruct past marine conditions. In this study, we measured the sizes and shapes of modern foraminifera representing four species that inhabit a steep oxygen gradient in the Santa Monica Basin on the Southern California Borderland with the aim of quantifying the influence of oxygen availability on foraminiferal morphology, both within and among species. Most foraminifera rely on aerobic respiration, but the four benthic foraminifera from the Santa Monica Basin do not show the predicted size and morphological responses to variations in dissolved oxygen concentrations based on first principles of cell physiology: Bolivina spissa shows no volume or volume-to-surface area response, Uvigerina peregrina increases in both test volume and volume-to-surface area ratio with decreasing dissolved oxygen concentrations, and both Bolivina argentea and Loxostomum pseudobeyrichi decrease in test volume, but only L. pseudobeyrichi shows a decrease in test volume-to-surface area ratio with decreasing oxygen concentrations as expected from physiological predictions. These findings imply that the morphological responses of individual foraminiferal species are not necessarily representative of the responses of other foraminiferal species within the community. Our findings further suggest that these species use physiological strategies such as depressed metabolic rates and alternative energy metabolisms to persist in low oxygen environments and, therefore, cannot be used in any simple way as paleo-oxygen indicators. Should Proterozoic (1,000–542 million years ago) protists have possessed metabolic strategies similar to foraminifera, the sizes and shapes of protists in the fossil record may not usefully constrain ambient oxygen conditions during the appearance and initial taxonomic radiation of heterotrophic eukaryotes.
1	 Marine regions that have seasonal to long-term low dissolved oxygen (DO) concentrations, sometimes called “dead zones,” are increasing in number and severity around the globe with deleterious effects on ecology and economics. One of the largest of these coastal dead zones occurs on the continental shelf of the northern Gulf of Mexico (nGOM), which results from eutrophication-enhanced bacterioplankton respiration and strong seasonal stratification. Previous research in this dead zone revealed the presence of multiple cosmopolitan bacterioplankton lineages that have eluded cultivation, and thus their metabolic roles in this ecosystem remain unknown. We used a coupled shotgun metagenomic and metatranscriptomic approach to determine the metabolic potential of Marine Group II Euryarchaeota, SAR406, and SAR202. We recovered multiple high-quality, nearly complete genomes from all three groups as well as candidate phyla usually associated with anoxic environments—Parcubacteria (OD1) and Peregrinibacteria. Two additional groups with putative assignments to ACD39 and PAUC34f supplement the metabolic contributions by uncultivated taxa. Our results indicate active metabolism in all groups, including prevalent aerobic respiration, with concurrent expression of genes for nitrate reduction in SAR406 and SAR202, and dissimilatory nitrite reduction to ammonia and sulfur reduction by SAR406. We also report a variety of active heterotrophic carbon processing mechanisms, including degradation of complex carbohydrate compounds by SAR406, SAR202, ACD39, and PAUC34f. Together, these data help constrain the metabolic contributions from uncultivated groups in the nGOM during periods of low DO and suggest roles for these organisms in the breakdown of complex organic matter.
1	 Beach aquifers host a dynamic and reactive mixing zone between fresh and saline groundwater of contrasting origin and composition. Seawater, driven up the beachface by waves and tides, infiltrates into the aquifer and meets the seaward-discharging fresh groundwater, creating and maintaining a reactive intertidal circulation cell. Within the cell, land-derived nutrients delivered by fresh groundwater are transformed or attenuated. We investigated this process by collecting pore water samples from multilevel wells along a shore-perpendicular transect on a beach near Cape Henlopen, Delaware, and analyzing solute and particulate concentrations. Pore water incubation experiments were conducted to determine rates of oxygen consumption and nitrogen gas production. A numerical model was employed to support field and laboratory interpretations. Results showed that chemically sensitive parameters such as pH and ORP diverged from salinity distribution patterns, indicating biogeochemical reactivity within the circulation cell. The highest respiration rates were found in the landward freshwater-saltwater mixing zone, supported by high dissolved inorganic carbon. Chlorophyll a, a proxy for phytoplankton, and particulate carbon did not co-occur with the highest respiration rates but were heterogeneously distributed in deeper and hypoxic areas of the cell. The highest rates of N2 production were also found in the mixing zone coinciding with elevated O2 consumption rates but closer to the lower discharge point. Model results were consistent with these observations, showing heightened denitrification in the mixing zone. The results of this work emphasize the relationship between the physical flow processes of the circulation cell and its biogeochemical reactivity and highlight the environmental significance of sandy beaches.
1	 The distribution of dissolved rare earth elements (REEs) and neodymium isotopes (εNd) in the open ocean traces water mass mixing and provides information on lithogenic inputs to the source regions of the water masses. However, the processes influencing the REE budget at the ocean margins, in particular source and sink mechanisms, are not yet well quantified. In this study the first dissolved REE concentrations and Nd isotope compositions of seawater from the Panama Basin (RV Meteor cruise M90) in the Eastern Equatorial Pacific (EEP) are presented. The EEP is characterized by one of the world's largest oxygen minimum zones (OMZs). It is dominated by high particle fluxes that are expected to enhance the removal of REEs from the water column by scavenging. The measured REE concentrations peak at the surface indicating high lithogenic input, which is supported by shale-normalized REE patterns in surface waters and highly radiogenic εNd signatures ranging between +1.4 and +4.3, the latter value constituting the most radiogenic value measured for seawater to date. In contrast, intermediate and deep water REE concentrations are low compared to other Pacific Basins and suggest enhanced removal via scavenging associated with high particle fluxes. The εNd signatures of intermediate and deep waters are less radiogenic than surface waters ranging between −1.4 and +1.3 but significantly more radiogenic than source water masses in the EEP. The εNd signatures consequently do not reflect mixing of intermediate and deep water masses entering the Panama Basin but can only be explained by lithogenic inputs originating from source rocks with highly radiogenic Nd isotope signatures such as the Central American Volcanic Arc (εNd=+3 to +10). Our data demonstrate significant surface input via continental particles, which are partially dissolved in the water column and thereby release REEs and particularly radiogenic Nd isotope signatures to the subsurface ocean. Data obtained from a re-occupied station in the southern Panama Basin for the first time shows that these processes can partially reset water mass Nd isotope and REE signatures of the entire water column proximal to continental sources on time scales of a few years.
1	 Measurements of near-surface oxygen (O2) concentrations and mixed layer depth from the K1 mooring in the central Labrador Sea are used to calculate the change in column-integrated (0–1700 m) O2 content over the deep convection winter 2014/2015. During the mixed layer deepening period, November 2014 to April 2015, the oxygen content increased by 24.3 ± 3.4 mol m−2, 40% higher than previous results from winters with weaker convection. By estimating the contribution of respiration and lateral transport on the oxygen budget, the cumulative air-sea gas exchange is derived. The O2 uptake of 29.1 ± 3.8 mol m−2, driven by persistent undersaturation (≥5%) and strong atmospheric forcing, is substantially higher than predicted by standard (nonbubble) gas exchange parameterizations, whereas most bubble-resolving parameterizations predict higher uptake, comparable to our results. Generally large but varying mixed layer depths and strong heat and momentum fluxes make the Labrador Sea an ideal test bed for process studies aimed at improving gas exchange parameterizations.
1	 The Labrador Sea in the North Atlantic is one of the few areas in the world ocean where cold, saline seawater sinks to large depths and forms deep water. This convection process also transports oxygen into the deep sea. A team of scientists from Scripps Institution of Oceanography (San Diego, California), Dalhousie University (Halifax, Canada) and GEOMAR Helmholtz Centre for Ocean Research Kiel have now published the analysis of data obtained from the mooring K1 in the international scientific journal Geophysical Research Letters. The results show that in winter 2014/2015 an unusually high amount of oxygen was absorbed by the ocean in the region. The actual oxygen uptake at the sea surface is very difficult to determine directly, but the scientists were able to derive the oxygen uptake from the oxygen content measured throughout the water column,. One of the questions the scientists were concerned with: Can the strong oxygen uptake in the Labrador Sea compensate the global oxygen loss of the ocean? The ocean surface, in constant gas exchange with the atmosphere, takes up oxygen from it. "In the ocean, in particular the temperature and air bubbles influence the oxygen uptake," says Dr. Johannes Karstensen, oceanographer at GEOMAR and co-author of the study. If the ocean surface cools down, the water mass becomes denser and heavier. Thus, the water mass starts to sink to greater depth, including the absorbed dissolved oxygen. At the same time, water rises from deeper layers and gets enriched with oxygen again." Sometimes this process is compared to a waterfall but in reality it is somewhat different," says Dr. Johannes Karstensen. "It is rather a re-layering where cooler, denser water sinks and the underlying lighter water rises, is then cooled down, sinks again, and so on". As the data from the long-term measuring station K1 in the Labrador Sea show, an unusually high amount of oxygen was absorbed in the particularly cold and stormy winter of 2014/2015. On one hand, this was due to the fact that the vertical turnover process extended to depths of more than 1,700 meters. On the other hand, the scientists were able to show from the observational data that the observed oxygen increase can only be explained by taking into account the inflow of air bubbles at the surface. This result is particularly important for the correct modelling of oxygen uptake in deep-convection areas and also serves to improve climate prediction.
1	 The efficiency of the ocean's biological carbon pump (BCPeff – here the product of particle export and transfer efficiencies) plays a key role in the air–sea partitioning of CO2. Despite its importance in the global carbon cycle, the biological processes that control BCPeff are poorly known. We investigate the potential role that zooplankton play in the biological carbon pump using both in situ observations and model output. Observed and modelled estimates of fast, slow, and total sinking fluxes are presented from three oceanic sites: the Atlantic sector of the Southern Ocean, the temperate North Atlantic, and the equatorial Pacific oxygen minimum zone (OMZ). We find that observed particle export efficiency is inversely related to primary production likely due to zooplankton grazing, in direct contrast to the model estimates. The model and observations show strongest agreement in remineralization coefficients and BCPeff at the OMZ site where zooplankton processing of particles in the mesopelagic zone is thought to be low. As the model has limited representation of zooplankton-mediated remineralization processes, we suggest that these results point to the importance of zooplankton in setting BCPeff, including particle grazing and fragmentation, and the effect of diel vertical migration. We suggest that improving parameterizations of zooplankton processes may increase the fidelity of biogeochemical model estimates of the biological carbon pump. Future changes in climate such as the expansion of OMZs may decrease the role of zooplankton in the biological carbon pump globally, hence increasing its efficiency.
1	 On the basis of heat-flow measurements, seismic mapping, and sediment pore-water analysis, we demonstrate widespread and efficient ventilation of the 18–22 Ma oceanic crust of the northeast equatorial Pacific Ocean. Recharge and discharge appear to be associated with basement outcrops, including seamounts and north-south–trending faults, along which sediment cover thins out and volcanic rocks are exposed. Low-temperature hydrothermal circulation through the volcanic crust leads to the reduction of heat flow through overlying sediments, with measured heat-flow values that are well below those expected from conductive cooling curves for lithosphere of this age. Typically, dissolved pore-water oxygen decreases from the sediment surface downward, reaching minimum values at mid-depth and rising again in the lower part of the cores investigated, clearly indicating oxygen-rich seawater circulation through the oceanic crust underneath the sediments. If the residence time of the circulating fluids in the upper crust is short or the fluid flux is large, oxic conditions may be preserved, and oxygen can diffuse upwards into the sediments. This process, leading to widespread oxic conditions in the near-basement sediments, may cause the oxidation of residual reduced material stored in the deeper sediments, resulting in downward fluxes of the reaction products into the basement and from there back into the oceans. Considering the widespread existence of this type of off-axis ventilation, the net effect of the resulting return flow of reaction products on biogeochemical cycles and element fluxes (e.g., carbon and nitrogen) may be very large.
1	Bottom-water oxygen supply is a key factor governing the biogeochemistry and community composition of marine sediments. Whether it also determines carbon burial rates remains controversial. We investigated the effect of varying oxygen concentrations (170 to 0 μM O2) on microbial remineralization of organic matter in seafloor sediments and on community diversity of the northwestern Crimean shelf break. This study shows that 50% more organic matter is preserved in surface sediments exposed to hypoxia compared to oxic bottom waters. Hypoxic conditions inhibit bioturbation and decreased remineralization rates even within short periods of a few days. These conditions led to the accumulation of threefold more phytodetritus pigments within 40 years compared to the oxic zone. Bacterial community structure also differed between oxic, hypoxic, and anoxic zones. Functional groups relevant in the degradation of particulate organic matter, such as Flavobacteriia, Gammaproteobacteria, and Deltaproteobacteria, changed with decreasing oxygenation, and the microbial community of the hypoxic zone took longer to degrade similar amounts of deposited reactive matter. We conclude that hypoxic bottom-water conditions—even on short time scales—substantially increase the preservation potential of organic matter because of the negative effects on benthic fauna and particle mixing and by favoring anaerobic processes, including sulfurization of matter.
0	 Perovskite oxides exhibit potential for use as electrocatalysts in the oxygen evolution reaction (OER). However, their low specific surface area is the main obstacle to realizing a high mass-specific activity that is required to be competitive against the state-of-the-art precious metal–based catalysts. We report the enhanced performance of Ba0.5Sr0.5Co0.8Fe0.2O3−δ (BSCF) for the OER with intrinsic activity that is significantly higher than that of the benchmark IrO2, and this result was achieved via fabrication of an amorphous BSCF nanofilm on a surface-oxidized nickel substrate by magnetron sputtering. The surface nickel oxide layer of the Ni substrate and the thickness of the BSCF film were further used to tune the intrinsic OER activity and stability of the BSCF catalyst by optimizing the electronic configuration of the transition metal cations in BSCF via the interaction between the nanofilm and the surface nickel oxide, which enables up to 315-fold enhanced mass-specific activity compared to the crystalline BSCF bulk phase. Moreover, the amorphous BSCF–Ni foam anode coupled with the Pt–Ni foam cathode demonstrated an attractive small overpotential of 0.34 V at 10 mA cm−2 for water electrolysis, with a BSCF loading as low as 154.8 μg cm−2.
0	Predicting the electronic properties of aqueous liquids has been a long-standing challenge for quantum mechanical methods. However, it is a crucial step in understanding and predicting the key role played by aqueous solutions and electrolytes in a wide variety of emerging energy and environmental technologies, including battery and photoelectrochemical cell design. We propose an efficient and accurate approach to predict the electronic properties of aqueous solutions, on the basis of the combination of first-principles methods and experimental validation using state-of-the-art spectroscopic measurements. We present results of the photoelectron spectra of a broad range of solvated ions, showing that first-principles molecular dynamics simulations and electronic structure calculations using dielectric hybrid functionals provide a quantitative description of the electronic properties of the solvent and solutes, including excitation energies. The proposed computational framework is general and applicable to other liquids, thereby offering great promise in understanding and engineering solutions and liquid electrolytes for a variety of important energy technologies.
0	Emulsion polymerization is the most widely used synthetic technique for fabricating polymeric particles. The interfacial tension generated with this technique limits the ability to tune the topology and chemistry of the resultant particles. We demonstrate a general emulsion interfacial polymerization approach that involves introduction of additional anchoring molecules surrounding the microdroplets to synthesize a large variety of Janus particles with controllable topological and chemical anisotropy. This strategy is based on interfacial polymerization mediated by an anchoring effect at the interface of microdroplets. Along the interface of the microdroplets, the diverse topology and surface chemistry features of the Janus particles can be precisely tuned by regulating the monomer type and concentration as well as polymerization time. This method is applicable to a wide variety of monomers, including positively charged, neutrally charged, and negatively charged monomers, thereby enriching the community of Janus particles.
0	In exotic superconductors, including high-Tc copper oxides, the interactions mediating electron Cooper pairing are widely considered to have a magnetic rather than a conventional electron-phonon origin. Interest in this exotic pairing was initiated by the 1979 discovery of heavy-fermion superconductivity in CeCu2Si2, which exhibits strong antiferromagnetic fluctuations. A hallmark of unconventional pairing by anisotropic repulsive interactions is that the superconducting energy gap changes sign as a function of the electron momentum, often leading to nodes where the gap goes to zero. We report low-temperature specific heat, thermal conductivity, and magnetic penetration depth measurements in CeCu2Si2, demonstrating the absence of gap nodes at any point on the Fermi surface. Moreover, electron irradiation experiments reveal that the superconductivity survives even when the electron mean free path becomes substantially shorter than the superconducting coherence length. This indicates that superconductivity is robust against impurities, implying that there is no sign change in the gap function. These results show that, contrary to long-standing belief, heavy electrons with extremely strong Coulomb repulsions can condense into a fully gapped s-wave superconducting state, which has an on-site attractive pairing interaction.
0	Structural maintenance of chromosome complexes, such as cohesin, have been implicated in a wide variety of chromatin-dependent functions such as genome organization, replication, and gene expression. How these complexes find their sites of association and affect local chromosomal processes is not well understood. We report that condensin II, a complex distinct from cohesin, physically interacts with TFIIIC, and they both colocalize at active gene promoters in the mouse and human genomes, facilitated by interaction between NCAPD3 and the epigenetic mark H3K4me3. Condensin II is important for maintaining high levels of expression of the histone gene clusters as well as the interaction between these clusters in the mouse genome. Our findings suggest that condensin II is anchored to the mammalian genome by a combination of H3K4me3 and the sequence-specific binding of TFIIIC, and that condensin supports the expression of active gene-dense regions found at the boundaries of topological domains. Together, our results support a working model in which condensin II contributes to topological domain boundary–associated gene activity in the mammalian genome.
0	Collective animal behavior is an emergent phenomenon arising from the local interactions of the members of animal groups. Considerable progress has been made in characterizing these interactions, particularly inferring rules that shape and guide the responses of animals to their near neighbors. To date, experimental work has focused on collective behavior within a single, stable context. We examine the individual and collective behavior of a schooling fish species, the x-ray tetra (Pristella maxillaris), identifying their response to changes in context produced by food cues or conspecific alarm cues. Fish exposed to alarm cues show pronounced, broad-ranging changes of behavior, including reducing speed and predictability in their movements. Alarmed fish also alter their responses to other group members, including enacting a smaller zone of repulsion and increasing their frequency of observation of, and responsiveness to, near neighbors. Fish subject to food cues increased speed as a function of neighbor positions and reduced encounter frequency with near neighbors. Overall, changes in individual behavior and the interactions among individuals in response to external cues coincide with changes in group-level patterns, providing insight into the adaptability of behavior to changes in context and interrelationship between local interactions and global patterns in collective behavior.
0	Introducing methods for instant tough bonding between hydrogels and antagonistic materials—from soft to hard—allows us to demonstrate elastic yet tough biomimetic devices and machines with a high level of complexity. Tough hydrogels strongly attach, within seconds, to plastics, elastomers, leather, bone, and metals, reaching unprecedented interfacial toughness exceeding 2000 J/m2. Healing of severed ionic hydrogel conductors becomes feasible and restores function instantly. Soft, transparent multilayered hybrids of elastomers and ionic hydrogels endure biaxial strain with more than 2000% increase in area, facilitating soft transducers, generators, and adaptive lenses. We demonstrate soft electronic devices, from stretchable batteries, self-powered compliant circuits, and autonomous electronic skin for triggered drug delivery. Our approach is applicable in rapid prototyping and in delicate environments inaccessible for extended curing and cross-linking.
0	Dynamical structural defects exist naturally in a wide variety of solids. They fluctuate temporally and hence can deteriorate the performance of many electronic devices. Thus far, the entities of these dynamic objects have been identified to be individual atoms. On the other hand, it is a long-standing question whether a nanocrystalline grain constituted of a large number of atoms can switch, as a whole, reversibly like a dynamical atomic defect (that is, a two-level system). This is an emergent issue considering the current development of nanodevices with ultralow electrical noise, qubits with long quantum coherence time, and nanoelectromechanical system sensors with ultrahigh resolution. We demonstrate experimental observations of dynamic nanocrystalline grains that repeatedly switch between two or more metastable coordinate states. We study temporal resistance fluctuations in thin ruthenium dioxide (RuO2) metal nanowires and extract microscopic parameters, including relaxation time scales, mobile grain sizes, and the bonding strengths of nanograin boundaries. These material parameters are not obtainable by other experimental approaches. When combined with previous in situ high-resolution transmission electron microscopy, our electrical method can be used to infer rich information about the structural dynamics of a wide variety of nanodevices and new two-dimensional materials.
0	The WNT pathway mediates intercellular signaling that regulates cell fate in both normal development and cancer. It is widely appreciated that the WNT pathway is frequently dysregulated in human cancers through a variety of genetic and epigenetic mechanisms. Targets in the WNT pathway are being extensively pursued for the development of new anticancer therapies, and we have advanced two WNT antagonists for clinical development: vantictumab (anti-FZD) and ipafricept (FZD8-Fc). We examined the antitumor efficacy of these WNT antagonists in combination with various chemotherapies in a large set of patient-derived xenograft models. In responsive models, WNT blockade led to profound synergy with taxanes such as paclitaxel, and the combination activity with taxanes was consistently more effective than with other classes of chemotherapy. Taxane monotherapy increased the frequency of cells with active WNT signaling. This selection of WNT-active chemotherapy-resistant tumorigenic cells was prevented by WNT-antagonizing biologics and required sequential dosing of the WNT antagonist followed by the taxane. The WNT antagonists potentiated paclitaxel-mediated mitotic blockade and promoted widespread mitotic cell death. By blocking WNT/β-catenin signaling before mitotic blockade by paclitaxel, we found that this treatment effectively sensitizes cancer stem cells to taxanes. This combination strategy and treatment regimen has been incorporated into ongoing clinical testing for vantictumab and ipafricept.
0	Nondestructive chemical and mechanical measurements of materials with ~10-nm spatial resolution together with topography provide rich information on the compositions and organizations of heterogeneous materials and nanoscale objects. However, multimodal nanoscale correlations are difficult to achieve because of the limitation on spatial resolution of optical microscopy and constraints from instrumental complexities. We report a novel noninvasive spectroscopic scanning probe microscopy method—peak force infrared (PFIR) microscopy—that allows chemical imaging, collection of broadband infrared spectra, and mechanical mapping at a spatial resolution of 10 nm. In our technique, chemical absorption information is directly encoded in the withdraw curve of the peak force tapping cycle after illumination with synchronized infrared laser pulses in a simple apparatus. Nanoscale phase separation in block copolymers and inhomogeneity in CH3NH3PbBr3 perovskite crystals are studied with correlative infrared/mechanical nanoimaging. Furthermore, we show that the PFIR method is sensitive to the presence of surface phonon polaritons in boron nitride nanotubes. PFIR microscopy will provide a powerful analytical tool for explorations at the nanoscale across wide disciplines.
0	Science Advances Skip to main content Home News Journals Topics Careers Search Search Go to top of page Toggle menu Log in My account Contact Us Become a member Renew my subscription Sign up for newsletters . Facebook Twitter Google+ Rss Authors Members Librarians Advertisers Home Recent Videos Latest Podcasts Photo Galleries Dance Your Ph.D. Contest Data Stories Contest News Latest News ScienceInsider ScienceShots Sifter From the Magazine About News Quizzes Journals Science Science Advances Science Immunology Science Robotics Science Signaling Science Translational Medicine Topics All Topics Special Issues Custom Publishing Careers Articles Find Jobs Career Resources Forum For Employers Employer Profiles Graduate Programs Booklets Careers Features About Careers Search Search Hydrogels quickly bond to soft and hard surfaces New method to glue hydrogels without lengthy surface pretreatment Wirthl et al. /Science Advances Cost-effective conservation could save Brazilian amphibians An economic strategy to protect a threatened biodiversity hot spot Campos et al. / Science Advances Using light to improve cardiac function after a heart attack Light can help deliver oxygen to the heart’s muscular tissue stockdevil/istockphoto.com Statisticians with “125 Years of Experience” discuss statistics in the computer age David Cox and Bradley Efron say fundamental tenets of statistics have not changed Stanford Statistics Department and D.R. Cox When did the Isthmus of Panama form? Discussion continues on timing of formation Google Transforming rapeseed oil into biodiesel fuel The fuel could be made entirely from renewable resources Rouzes/istockphoto.com A protective graphene “sandwich” Carbon layers form a tiny reaction chamber Mirzayev et al./Science Advances Latest Online Archives 2017 June Vol 3, Iss 6 May Vol 3, Iss 5 April Vol 3, Iss 4 March Vol 3, Iss 3 February Vol 3, Iss 2 January Vol 3, Iss 1 ‹ 2016 More From Science Advances Latest Online Archive Aims & scope Editorial board Author information Editorial policies Article licensing Article processing charges Frequently asked questions Staff Contact us Submit ADVERTISEMENT Science 23 June 2017 Vol 356, Issue 6344 Feature The footprints of giants Neuroscience and Addiction Brains, environments, and policy responses to addiction Brain and Behavior Human nature SCI COMMUN News at a glance Robotics Fast exoskeleton optimization Working Life My lessons in mentorship Table of Contents About us About journals Leadership Team members Work at AAAS Advertise Advertising kits Custom publishing For subscribers Site license info For members International Chinese Japanese Help Access & subscriptions Reprints & permissions Contact us Accessibility Stay Connected Facebook Twitter GooglePlus RSS Feeds © 2017 American Association for the Advancement of Science . All rights Reserved. AAAS is a partner of HINARI , AGORA OARE , PatientInform, CHORUS, CLOCKSS, CrossRef and COUNTER . Science Advances ISSN 2375-2548. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us
0	Science Advances staff | Science Advances Skip to main content Home News Journals Topics Careers Search Search Go to top of page Toggle menu Log in My account Contact Us Become a member Renew my subscription Sign up for newsletters . Facebook Twitter Google+ Rss Authors Members Librarians Advertisers Home Recent Videos Latest Podcasts Photo Galleries Dance Your Ph.D. Contest Data Stories Contest News Latest News ScienceInsider ScienceShots Sifter From the Magazine About News Quizzes Journals Science Science Advances Science Immunology Science Robotics Science Signaling Science Translational Medicine Topics All Topics Special Issues Custom Publishing Careers Articles Find Jobs Career Resources Forum For Employers Employer Profiles Graduate Programs Booklets Careers Features About Careers Search Search Science Advances staff Editorial staff Editor-in-Chief, Science family of journals Jeremy Berg, PhD Executive Editor, Science family of journals Monica Bradford Managing Editor: Philippa Benson, PhD Editorial Coordinators: Elissa Krieg, Laura Remis, Rachel S. Walther, Julia Katris Publishing office and business staff Executive Publisher Rush Holt, PhD Publisher Bill Moran Business Director: Will Schweitzer Marketing Director: Elise Swinehart Director, Business Systems and Analysis: Randy Yi Director, Copyrights Licensing Special Projects: Emilie David Associate Director, Institutional Licensing Operations: Iquo Edim Permissions Associate: Elizabeth Sandler Marketing Associate: Max Duchaine Product Development Associate: Michael Hardesty Digital Media and Production Chief Digital Media Officer Rob Covey Director of Operations, Print and Online: Lizabeth Harman Digital/Print Strategy Manager: Jason Hillman Quality Technical Manager: Marcus Spiegler Project Account Manager: Tara Kelly Digital Production Manager: Lisa Stanford Senior Content Specialists: Antoinette Hodal, Lori Murphy Web Technologies Sr. Developer: Chris Coleman Developers: Dan Berger, Jimmy Marks   Design Editor: Marcy Atarod Senior Designer: Garvin Grullon More From Science Advances Latest Online Archive Aims & scope Editorial board Author information Editorial policies Article licensing Article processing charges Frequently asked questions Staff Contact us Submit Science 23 June 2017 Vol 356, Issue 6344 Feature The footprints of giants Neuroscience and Addiction Brains, environments, and policy responses to addiction Brain and Behavior Human nature SCI COMMUN News at a glance Robotics Fast exoskeleton optimization Working Life My lessons in mentorship Table of Contents About us About journals Leadership Team members Work at AAAS Advertise Advertising kits Custom publishing For subscribers Site license info For members International Chinese Japanese Help Access & subscriptions Reprints & permissions Contact us Accessibility Stay Connected Facebook Twitter GooglePlus RSS Feeds © 2017 American Association for the Advancement of Science . All rights Reserved. AAAS is a partner of HINARI , AGORA OARE , PatientInform, CHORUS, CLOCKSS, CrossRef and COUNTER . Science Advances ISSN 2375-2548. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us
0	Ferroelectric domain walls are atomically sharp topological defects that separate regions of uniform polarization. The discovery of electrical conductivity in specific types of walls gave rise to “domain wall nanoelectronics,” a technology in which the wall (rather than the domain) stores information. This paradigm shift critically hinges on precise nanoengineering of reconfigurable domain walls. Using specially designed nanofabricated electrodes and scanning probe techniques, we demonstrate a prototype nonvolatile ferroelectric domain wall memory, scalable to below 100 nm, whose binary state is defined by the existence or absence of conductive walls. The device can be read out nondestructively at moderate voltages (<3 V), exhibits relatively high OFF-ON ratios (~103) with excellent endurance and retention characteristics, and has multilevel data storage capacity. Our work thus constitutes an important step toward integrated nanoscale ferroelectric domain wall memory devices.
0	Antibodies targeting Aβ42 are under intense scrutiny because of their therapeutic potential for Alzheimer’s disease. To enable systematic searches, we present an “antibody scanning” strategy for the generation of a panel of antibodies against Aβ42. Each antibody in the panel is rationally designed to target a specific linear epitope, with the selected epitopes scanning the Aβ42 sequence. By screening in vitro the panel to identify the specific microscopic steps in the Aβ42 aggregation process influenced by each antibody, we identify two antibodies that target specifically the primary and the secondary nucleation steps, which are key for the production of Aβ42 oligomers. These two antibodies act, respectively, to delay the onset of aggregation and to block the proliferation of aggregates, and correspondingly reduce the toxicity in a Caenorhabditis elegans model overexpressing Aβ42. These results illustrate how the antibody scanning method described here can be used to readily obtain very small antibody libraries with extensive coverage of the sequences of target proteins.
0	The quantum anomalous Hall effect (QAHE) that emerges under broken time-reversal symmetry in topological insulators (TIs) exhibits many fascinating physical properties for potential applications in nanoelectronics and spintronics. However, in transition metal–doped TIs, the only experimentally demonstrated QAHE system to date, the QAHE is lost at practically relevant temperatures. This constraint is imposed by the relatively low Curie temperature (Tc) and inherent spin disorder associated with the random magnetic dopants. We demonstrate drastically enhanced Tc by exchange coupling TIs to Tm3Fe5O12, a high-Tc magnetic insulator with perpendicular magnetic anisotropy. Signatures showing that the TI surface states acquire robust ferromagnetism are revealed by distinct squared anomalous Hall hysteresis loops at 400 K. Point-contact Andreev reflection spectroscopy confirms that the TI surface is spin-polarized. The greatly enhanced Tc, absence of spin disorder, and perpendicular anisotropy are all essential to the occurrence of the QAHE at high temperatures.

