1	Dead zones in the coastal oceans have spread exponentially since the 1960s and have serious consequences for ecosystem functioning. The formation of dead zones has been exacerbated by the increase in primary production and consequent worldwide coastal eutrophication fueled by riverine runoff of fertilizers and the burning of fossil fuels. Enhanced primary production results in an accumulation of particulate organic matter, which encourages microbial activity and the consumption of dissolved oxygen in bottom waters. Dead zones have now been reported from more than 400 systems, affecting a total area of more than 245,000 square kilometers, and are probably a key stressor on marine ecosystems. The oxygen minimum zone (OMZ) of the Arabian Sea is the thickest of the three oceanic OMZ. It is of global biogeochemical significance because of denitrification in the upper part leading to N2 and N2O production. The residence time of OMZ water is believed to be less than a decade. The upper few hundred meters of this zone are nearly anoxic but non-sulfidic and still support animal (metazoan) pelagic life, possibly as a result of episodic injections of O2 by physical processes. 
1	We report on discrete measurements of dissolved O2 and NO2–, temperature and salinity made between 1959 and 2004 well below the tops of the sharp pycnocline and oxycline near 150, 200, 300, 400, and 500 m depth. We assemble nearly all O2 determinations (originally there were 849 values, 695 of which came from the OMZ) by the visual endpoint detection of the iodometric Winkler procedure, which in our data base yields about 0.04 mL L−1 (~ 2 μM) O2 above the endpoint from modern automated titration methods. We acknowledge that much lower (nanomolar) O2 values have been measured recently with the STOX (Switchable Trace amount OXygen) sensor in the eastern tropical South Pacific, and that similar conditions may also prevail in the Arabian Sea OMZ. In spite of the error in O2 measurements at vanishingly low levels, we argue that the temporal trends of the historic data should still hold. We find 632 values acceptable (480 from 150 stations in the OMZ). The data are grouped in zonally paired boxes of 1° lat. and 2° long. centered at 8, 10, 12, 15, 18, 20, and 21° N along 65 and 67° E. The latitudes of 8–12° N, outside the OMZ, are treated in passing. The principal results are as follows: (1) an O2 climatology for the upper OMZ reveals a marked seasonality at 200 to 500 m depth with O2 levels during the northeast monsoon and spring intermonsoon seasons elevated over those during the southwest monsoon season (median difference, 0.08 mL L−1 [~ 3.5 μM]). The medians of the slopes of the seasonal regressions of O2 on year for each of the NE and SW monsoon seasons are −0.0043 and −0.0019 mL L−1 a−1, respectively (−0.19 and −0.08 μM a−1; n = 10 and 12, differing at p = 0.01); (2) four decades of statistically significant decreases of O2 between 15 and 20° N but an opposing trend toward an increase near 21° N are observed. The mechanisms of the balance that more or less annually maintain the O2 levels are still uncertain. At least between 300 and 500 m, the replenishment is inferred to be due to isopycnal re-supply of O2, while at 200 (or 250?) m it is diapycnal, most likely by eddies. Similarly, recent models show large vertical advection of O2 well below the pycnoclines and oxyclines. The NO2– distribution, taken as an indicator of active NO3– reduction, does not show a trend in the redox environment for a quarter of a century at a GEOSECS station near 20° N. In the entire OMZ, the regression slopes on year within seasons for the rather variable NO2– do not present a clear pattern but by other measures tended to an increase of NO2–. Vertical net hauls collect resident animal (metazoan) pelagic life in the NO2– maximum of the OMZ at O2 levels well below the lower limit of the Winkler titration; the extremely low O2 content is inferred from the presence of NO2– believed to be produced through microbial NO3– reduction. Instead of the difficult measurement by the STOX sensor, the relation between the very low O2 inferred from presence of NO2– and mesozooplankton should be studied with 100 to 150 L bottles rather than nets. The spatial (within drift stations) and temporal (daily) variability in hydrography and chemistry is large also below the principal pycnocline. The seasonal change of hydrography is considerable even at 500 m depth. Future O2 or nutrient budgets for the OMZ must not be based on single cruises or sections obtained during one season only. Steady state cannot be assumed any longer for the intermediate layers of the central Arabian Sea. The decline in oxygen supply to the ocean associated with global warming is expected to expand oxygen minimum zones (OMZs). This global trend can be attenuated or amplified by regional processes. In the Arabian Sea, the World’s thickest OMZ is highly vulnerable to changes in the Indian monsoon wind. Evidence from paleo records and future climate projections indicate strong variations of the Indian monsoon wind intensity over climatic timescales. Yet, the response of the OMZ to these wind changes remains poorly understood and its amplitude and timescale unexplored. Here, we investigate the impacts of perturbations in Indian monsoon wind intensity (from −50 % to +50 %) on the size and intensity of the Arabian Sea OMZ, and examine the biogeochemical and ecological implications of these changes. To this end, we conducted a series of eddy-resolving simulations of the Arabian Sea using the Regional Oceanic Modeling System (ROMS) coupled to a nitrogen based Nutrient-Phytoplankton-Zooplankton-Detritus (NPZD) ecosystem model that includes a representation of the O2 cycle. We show that the Arabian Sea productivity increases and its OMZ expands and deepens in response to monsoon wind intensification. These responses are dominated by the perturbation of the summer monsoon wind, whereas the changes in the winter monsoon wind play a secondary role. While the productivity responds quickly and nearly linearly to wind increase (i.e., on a timescale of years), the OMZ response is much slower (i.e., a timescale of decades). Our analysis reveals that the OMZ expansion at depth is driven by increased oxygen biological consumption, whereas its surface weakening is induced by increased ventilation. The enhanced ventilation favors episodic intrusions of oxic waters in the lower epipelagic zone (100–200 m) of the western and central Arabian Sea, leading to intermittent expansions of marine habitats and a more frequent alternation of hypoxic and oxic conditions there. The increased productivity and deepening of the OMZ also lead to a strong intensification of denitrification at depth, resulting in a substantial amplification of fixed nitrogen depletion in the Arabian Sea. We conclude that changes in the Indian monsoon can affect, on longer timescales, the large-scale biogeochemical cycles of nitrogen and carbon, with a positive feedback on climate change in the case of stronger winds.
0	The conceptualization of immunological self is amongst the most important theories of modern biology, representing a sort of theoretical guideline for experimental immunologists, in order to understand how host constituents are ignored by the immune system (IS). A consistent advancement in this field has been represented by the danger/damage theory and its subsequent refinements, which at present represents the most comprehensive conceptualization of immunological self. Here, we present the new hypothesis of “liquid self,” which integrates and extends the danger/damage theory. The main novelty of the liquid self hypothesis lies in the full integration of the immune response mechanisms into the host body’s ecosystems, i.e., in adding the temporal, as well as the geographical/evolutionary and environmental, dimensions, which we suggested to call “immunological biography.” Our hypothesis takes into account the important biological changes occurring with time (age) in the IS (including immunosenescence and inflammaging), as well as changes in the organismal context related to nutrition, lifestyle, and geography (populations). We argue that such temporal and geographical dimensions impinge upon, and continuously reshape, the antigenicity of physical entities (molecules, cells, bacteria, viruses), making them switching between “self” and “non-self” states in a dynamical, “liquid” fashion. Particular attention is devoted to oral tolerance and gut microbiota, as well as to a new potential source of unexpected self epitopes produced by proteasome splicing. Finally, our framework allows the set up of a variety of testable predictions, the most straightforward suggesting that the immune responses to defined molecules representing potentials antigens will be quantitatively and qualitatively quite different according to the immuno-biographical background of the host.
1	Deoxygenation is a global problem in coastal and open regions of the ocean, and has led to expanding areas of oxygen minimum zones and coastal hypoxia. The recent expansion of hypoxia in coastal ecosystems has been primarily attributed to global warming and enhanced nutrient input from land and atmosphere. The largest anthropogenically induced hypoxic area in the world is the Baltic Sea, where the relative importance of physical forcing versus eutrophication is still debated. We have analyzed water column oxygen and salinity profiles to reconstruct oxygen and stratification conditions over the last 115 y and compare the influence of both climate and anthropogenic forcing on hypoxia. We report a 10-fold increase of hypoxia in the Baltic Sea and show that this is primarily linked to increased inputs of nutrients from land, although increased respiration from higher temperatures during the last two decades has contributed to worsening oxygen conditions. Although shifts in climate and physical circulation are important factors modulating the extent of hypoxia, further nutrient reductions in the Baltic Sea will be necessary to reduce the ecosystems impacts of deoxygenation.
0	Staff Search « Centre « GEOMAR - Helmholtz Centre for Ocean Research Kiel Home Deutsch Font size small normal big Search Website Projects Publications Staff Quick access Centre About GEOMAR Direktorium History Structure Directorate Committees Board of Governors Board of Directors Consultatory Board of Directors Scientific Advisory Board Scientific Council Equal opportunities Women's Executive Board Staff council Ombuds Person Disabled employee advisor Central Facilities Aquarium Library Literature Search Interlibrary Loan Databases Publications [at] geomar Cruise Reports & Data Service Author Services Team A-Z FAQs About us Research Vessels F. S. "ALKOR" F. S. "POSEIDON" F. K. "LITTORINA" F. B. "POLARFUCHS" Antrags- und Einschiffungsmodalitäten Arbeiten mit radioaktiven Stoffen an Bord Weekly Reports Publikationen (OceanRep) Fahrtplanungen Deutscher Forschungsschiffe Laboratories Data and Computing Centre Datenmanagement PKI GEOMAR URN GEOMAR Technology & Logistics Centre Above water Customs Matters and Export Control Lithothek Core & Rock repository Under Water AUV ABYSS Submersible JAGO ROV KIEL 6000 ROV PHOCA Administration Neubau Info-Portal Dokumente und Pläne Multimedia Ausschreibungen Webcams Zeitplan Technology Transfer Förderprogramme Helmholtz-Validierungsfonds Helmholtz Enterprise Technology Marketing Fairs Events Preise und Auszeichnungen Support GEOMAR Alumni Plattform Staff Search Intern Research Ocean Circulation and Climate Dynamics Overview Marine Meteorology Research Topics Projects Study Team Palaeo-Oceanography Research Topics Projects Infrastructure Study Team Physical Oceanography Research Topics Projects Observing Systems Study Team Theory and Modeling Topics Projects Models Study Team Marine Biogeochemistry Overview Biogeochemical Modelling Overview Research Topics Study Team Biological Oceanography Overview Research Topics Infrastructure Team Teaching Chemical Oceanography Overview Working Groups Projects Study Staff Marine Geosystems Overview Benthic Biogeochemistry Marine Isotope Geochemistry Marine Geobiology DeepSea Monitoring Marine Ecology Overview Evolutionary Ecology of Marine Fishes Research Topics Projects Team Teaching News Experimental Ecology Research Topics Food Webs Benthic Ecology Marine Microbiology Research Topics Projects Team Teaching News Fieldwork & Expeditions Marine Natural Products Chemistry Research Topics Research Interests & Material GEOMAR-Biotech Team Symposia Teaching Positions News Dynamics of the Ocean Floor Overview Magmatic and Hydrothermal Systems Research Topics Projects Expeditions Infrastructure Study Team Publications MuHS Seminar Marine Geodynamics Research Topics Infrastructure Projects Expeditions Study Team OCEANS The role of the ocean in climate change Human impacts on marine ecosystems Marine Resources MMR MMR Publications MMR in the media Seafloor Exploration Marine Mineral Resource Potentials Mineral Resources Ore forming processes Methods Plate tectonics and marine hazards Large-scale Research Projects Overview Applied R & D Projects Overview Ongoing Projects Project details Expeditions Publications (OceanRep) GEOMAR Report Forschungsdaten Studying BSc: Physics of the Earth System Course List Bachelor Theses Information Centre Field work practical Traineeship MSc: Climate Physics Course List Master Theses Events Information Centre Traineeship MSc: Biological Oceanography Introduction Programme Modulelist Optionals outside Biological Oceanography Summer semester 2017 - Course List / important news / time tables How to apply WS 2017/2018 Miscellaneous (Master Theses, Downloads, Links etc.) Fees, Cost of living etc. Career Useful links ERASMUS-guidelines and suitable Modules People PhD links and downloads ISOS HOSST News About Us For Students Contacts SFB754 GEOMAR DokTeam News Upcoming Events DokTeam Members International Study Programmes GAME Discover Image of the month Research Topics Exhibitions School Schulkooperationen Konzept Projektarbeiten Berichte Veröffentlichungen Kurse & Veranstaltungen Freitags-Forscher-Club frühere Kurse & Veranstaltungen Materialien für Schulen Ozeanversauerung Berufsorientierung Studium Berufsfindungspraktika Ausbildung Kooperationspartner & Förderer Videos Image Database Weiterführende Links Service News Directions Library Data Management Einkauf / Vergaben Liefer- / Dienstleistungen Bauleistungen Ankündigung beschränkte Ausschreibung Bekanntmachungen Aufträge Information Erteilte Aufträge Freiberufliche Leistungen Research Funding Early Career Support PhD Postdocs Support GEOMAR Jobs at GEOMAR Communication and Media Staff search UnivIS Events Weather Hintergrundinformationen Webmail Webmail NEU (ZIMBRA) Sitemap Contact Imprint Centre Research Studying Discover Service Centre »  Staff Search About GEOMAR Structure Central Facilities Neubau Technology Transfer Preise und Auszeichnungen Support GEOMAR Staff Search Intern GEOMAR Staff Firstname: Lastname: Unit: Select one Directorate RU Marine Meteorology RU Paleo Oceanography RU Physical Oceanography RU Theory and Modelling RU Biogeochemical Modelling RU Biological Oceanography RU Chemical Oceanography RU Marine Geosystems RU Evolutionary Ecology of Marine Fishes RU Experimental Ecology: Benthos Ecology RU Experimental Ecology: Food Webs RU Marine Microbiology RU Marine Natural Products Chemistry RU Marine Geodynamics RU Magmatic and Hydrothermal Systems SFB 574 SFB 754 Energy and Resources CF Aquarium CF Library CF Data and Computing Centre CF Research Vessels CF Technology and Logistics Centre & Lithothek Central Affairs Communication & Media Legal Affairs, Knowledge Transfer Technology Transfer Administration Complete Staff by letter A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Ä Ö Ü to top Directions | Contact | Sitemap | Imprint Last update: 26.06.2015
0	nature.com search We use cookies to improve your experience with our site. Accept and close | More info. Skip to main content Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser (or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer). In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript. Nature.com search Menu nature.com search User tools Login Search advanced where the list of authors contains where the title contains Refine your results by… volume start page / article no. Filters ​ Filter By: Article type ​ Check one or more article types to show results from those article types only. Research (12382) News (2591) Research Highlights (1700) Comments and Opinion (1389) Reviews (1280) News and Views (662) Editorial (353) Amendments and Corrections (350) Correspondence (200) Special Features (112) Books and Arts (77) Protocols (15) Advertorial (5) Multimedia (3) Journal ​ Check one or more journals to show results from those journals only. Scientific Reports (4168) British Journal of Cancer (926) Nature Communications (578) Pediatric Research (548) European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (518) Choose more journals Subject Check one or more subjects to show results from those subjects only. Cell signalling (5385) Paediatrics (3323) Risk factors (3078) Epidemiology (2622) Obesity (2604) Medical research Date ​ Choose a date option to show results from those dates only. Today Last 7 days Last 30 days In the last year Last 2 years Last 5 years Custom date range Sort by Relevance ​ Choose a way to sort results. Relevance Date — most recent Date — oldest first Search Loading Filters Showing 13676–13677 of 13677 results Loading Filters Reviews | 06 July 2010 Continuing Medical Education Questions: July 2010 Kenneth R DeVault , Sergio Crespo & Abraham Panossian The American Journal of Gastroenterology 105 , 1488 Rights & permissions Opens in a new window. Research | 20 July 2011 The influence of caffeine on energy content of sugar-sweetened beverages: ‘the caffeine–calorie effect’ R S J Keast , D Sayompark , G Sacks , B A Swinburn & L J Riddell European Journal of Clinical Nutrition 65 , 1338–1344 Rights & permissions Opens in a new window. Previous page page 1 … page 546 page 547 page 548 Next page Menu Journals A-Z Journals A-Z Nature Nature Communications Nature Protocols Review journals Scientific Reports View all All Subjects All Subjects Biological Sciences Earth & Environmental Sciences Health Sciences Physical Sciences Scientific Community & Society View all nature.com nature.com Subscriptions Authors & Referees Librarians Advertisers Press About nature.com site map For authors and referees Guide to Authors Guide to Referees Editorial policies Language editing Scientific editing Reprints & permissions For readers Journals A-Z Subject Pages Protocol Exchange Blogs Podcasts Webcasts Subscriptions Mobile apps RSS For librarians Account administration Site licenses Catalogs Print subscriptions Pay per view Open access Promotion tools Public interfaces User guides Library relations Publisher collaborations Careers and events Natureconferences Natureevents Naturejobs.com Regional websites Natureasia Nature China (International site) Nature India Nature Japan Nature Korea Nature Middle East Nature Research About us Work for us Help Contact us Privacy Policy Use of cookies Legal notice Terms & Conditions For advertisers Advertising options Journal audience Event advertising Job posts Contact representative Institutional Partnership For press Press site Press room Contact press office © 2017 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature. All rights reserved. partner of AGORA, HINARI, OARE, INASP, ORCID, CrossRef, COUNTER and COPE
1	Big Storms Pump Mediterranean Water Far into the Black Sea - Eos skip to main content Advertisement AGU.org AGU Journals AGU Geocalendar Join AGU Donate to AGU Eos E-Alerts Earth & Space Science News Search for: Search Search for: Search Menu News News & Features Project Updates Meeting Reports AGU News Postcards from the Field News from AGU Journals Research Spotlights Scientific Press Releases Topics & Disciplines Topics Climate Change Hazards & Disasters Natural Resources Science Policy Space & Planets Education Scientific Disciplines Atmospheric Sciences Biogeosciences Geochemistry, Mineralogy, Volcanology Geohealth Geology & Geophysics Global Change Hydrology, Cryosphere & Earth Surface Mathematical Geophysics Natural Hazards Ocean Sciences Planetary Sciences Science Policy & Funding Space Science & Space Physics Opinions Opinions Editors’ Vox Blogs Jobs & Resources Ocean Sciences Research Spotlight Big Storms Pump Mediterranean Water Far into the Black Sea For the first time, scientists provide a sea-wide view of what happens to Mediterranean waters that flow into the Black Sea through the Bosporus Strait. Source: Journal of Geophysical Research: Oceans An image captured by the International Space Station shows the Bosporus Strait, which divides Istanbul, Turkey. When the picture was taken, strong currents were bringing muddy Black Sea waters from the north (the left side of the image) through the strait into the Sea of Marmara and the Mediterranean. Credit: NASA Johnson , CC BY-NC 2.0 By Sarah Stanley 11 April 2017 Below a depth of about 150 meters, the Black Sea is devoid of oxygen. Only certain microbes can survive in this “dead zone,” which reaches depths of over 2000 meters. Warm, salty water flowing from the Mediterranean Sea into the Black Sea ventilates the middepth water column of the sea, trapping anoxic water below and maintaining the sea’s distinctive structure. However, the precise fate of inflowing Mediterranean waters has remained something of a mystery to scientists. In a new study, Falina et al. present the first sea-wide overview of the behavior of Mediterranean waters in the Black Sea. They track the path of the newly arrived water and investigate what happens when strong winds impact incoming flow. Mediterranean water flows into the Black Sea through its single connection: the Bosporus Strait . Previous research has shown that more water exits the Black Sea at the strait than enters. The Mediterranean water that does inflow mixes with fresher Black Sea water, and as its salinity and density decreases, the Mediterranean water forms plume-shaped features. These plumes flow away from the mouth of the strait and descend until their density matches that of surrounding waters, usually at depths of 100 to 600 meters. To track the size and location of these Mediterranean plumes throughout the Black Sea, the authors relied on the tendency of the plumes to stay warmer than surrounding waters. The researchers compiled temperature, depth, and salinity data collected from aboard three ships as well as by a network of autonomous instruments known as Argo floats . The entire data set covered 657 locations from 2005 to 2009. Pathways of Mediterranean plumes in the middepth layer of the Black Sea as inferred from ship and float data (white dots). While being carried by the currents from the Bosporus, warm plumes gradually cool because of mixing and become indistinguishable from the Black Sea’s waters within a year. Credit: Anastasia Falina, Artem Sarafano The data revealed that after strong storms over the Bosporus Strait, Mediterranean plumes propagate throughout the main part of the sea, covering much more area than previously thought. The Rim Current, which transports upper and middepth waters counterclockwise around the entire Black Sea, carries the plumes along, delivering them after several months to interior gyres in the eastern and western parts of the sea. During these strong storms, powerful winds are known to thrust water in the strait northward, dramatically increasing the amount of Mediterranean water entering the Black Sea. The scientists hypothesize that this results in the formation of abnormally large, warm plumes that propagate throughout the sea. Mixing makes the plumes undetectable in less than a year. These findings could help improve understanding of the Black Sea’s dead zone. They could also contribute to the study of other water systems that feature oxygen-free layers, including fjords , the Baltic Sea, and Cariaco Basin . ( Journal of Geophysical Research: Oceans , https://doi.org/10.1002/2017JC012729 , 2017) —Sarah Stanley, Freelance Writer Correction, 11 April 2017: The photo caption now reflects the correct orientations of the bodies of water. Citation: Stanley, S. (2017), Big storms pump Mediterranean water far into the Black Sea, Eos, 98, https://doi.org/10.1029/2017EO071161 . Published on 11 April 2017. © 2017. The authors. CC BY-NC-ND 3.0 Advertisement Related Articles Research Spotlight 13 April 2017 How "Godzilla" El Niño Affected Tropical Fish in Low-Oxygen Zone Research Spotlight 3 April 2017 How the Deep, Cold Currents of the Labrador Sea Affect Climate Research Spotlight 1 March 2017 Deep Ocean Layers Continue to Heat Up Research Spotlight 10 February 2017 Swirling Eddies in the Antarctic May Have Global Impacts Get Eos in Your Inbox Get updates from Eos delivered to your email inbox! Sign Up >> Advertisement Eos on Twitter Tweets by @theAGU AGU News AGU News 18 April 2017 How Do Microbial Ecosystems and Climate Change Interact? AGU News 12 April 2017 Providing Greater Context for Earth and Space Science Research 1 Comment Subscribe View More AGU News » From AGU Journals Most Shared Geophysical Research Letters The projected demise of Barnes Ice Cap: Evidence of an unusually warm 21st century Arctic A. Gilbert, et al Most Cited Geophysical Research Letters What caused the recent “Warm Arctic, Cold Continents” trend pattern in winter temperatures? Lantao Sun, Judith Perlwitz, Martin Hoerling Hot Article Journal of Geophysical research: Earth Surface A coupled vegetation/sediment transport model for dryland environments Jerome R. Mayaud, Richard M. Bailey, Giles F. S. Wiggs VIEW MORE HIGHLIGHTS Advertisement Current Print Magazine May 2017 Volume 97 Issue 5 View Issue » View Archives » Most Popular Geology & Geophysics Editors' Vox 10 April 2017 Benefiting from Good Reviews: Part 2 Ocean Sciences Research Spotlight 11 April 2017 Big Storms Pump Mediterranean Water Far into the Black Sea Space Science & Space Physics Research Spotlight 10 April 2017 For Magnetic Reconnection Energy, O—not X—Might Mark the Spot Most Commented Atmospheric Sciences Editors' Vox 30 March 2017 Responding to Climate Change Deniers with Simple Facts and Logic 24 Comments Atmospheric Sciences Editors' Vox 3 February 2017 Good Night Sunshine: Geoengineering Solutions to Climate Change? 24 Comments Science Policy & Funding News 31 March 2017 Scientists, Legislators Take Off Their Gloves at Climate Hearing 15 Comments You Might Have Missed Climate Change Opinion 27 April 2017 Climate Change’s Pulse Is in Central America and the Caribbean 1 comments Space Science & Space Physics Meeting Report 26 April 2017 Predictive Capability for Extreme Space Weather Events 1 comments Science Policy & Funding Scientific Press Releases 26 April 2017 India’s Coal Plant Plans Conflict with Climate Commitments Eos is the leading source for trustworthy news and perspectives about the Earth and space sciences and their impact. Its namesake is Eos, the Greek goddess of the dawn, who represents the light shed on understanding our planet and its environment in space by the Earth and space sciences. Connect with Eos I want to Contact Eos View Commenting Policy Sign Up for E-Alerts View Editorial Policy Submit an Article or Idea Inquire About Advertising Learn More About Eos View Terms and Conditions Cite an Article View Privacy Policy Help us improve your Eos experience Leave Feedback © 2017 American Geophysical Union. All rights reserved. News News & Features Project Updates Meeting Reports AGU News Postcards from the Field News from AGU Journals Research Spotlights Scientific Press Releases Topics & Disciplines Topics Climate Change Hazards & Disasters Natural Resources Science Policy Space & Planets Education Scientific Disciplines Atmospheric Sciences Biogeosciences Geochemistry, Mineralogy, Volcanology Geohealth Geology & Geophysics Global Change Hydrology, Cryosphere & Earth Surface Mathematical Geophysics Natural Hazards Ocean Sciences Planetary Sciences Science Policy & Funding Space Science & Space Physics Opinions Opinions Editors’ Vox Blogs Jobs & Resources AGU.org AGU Journals AGU Geocalendar Join AGU Donate to AGU Eos E-Alerts
0	Research4LifeEighth International Congress on Peer Review and Biomedical Publication - Research4Life Access to Research in the Developing World Home About Access Eligibility Criteria How to register Institutions Registered Training Testimonials News Contact FAQs Media Center Blog « All Events Eighth International Congress on Peer Review and Biomedical Publication September 10 - September 12 Event Navigation « 15TH AHILA BIENNIAL CONGRESS The Congress will be held September 10-12, 2017, in Chicago, Illinois, USA. The aim is to improve the quality and credibility of biomedical peer review and publication and to help advance the efficiency, effectiveness, and equitability of the dissemination of biomedical information throughout the world. + Google Calendar + iCal Export Details Start: September 10 End: September 12 Website: http://www.peerreviewcongress.org/index.html Organizer JAMA and BMJ Email: jama-peer@jamanetwork.org Venue Unnamed Venue Chicago , IL United States + Google Map Event Navigation « 15TH AHILA BIENNIAL CONGRESS Follow us RT @SciDevNet : PubMed pushes for transparency in new policy https://t.co/CADd1n7qYU https://t.co/keofIniDWM 3 weeks ago retweeted via SciDevNet RT @Elsevier_Africa : Did you know that in many scientific fields, women are underrepresented as a result of gender bias? Are you a... https… 3 weeks ago retweeted via Elsevier_Africa RT @INASPinfo : PfD conference registration closes on 7 July: Early rates: £98.82 until 26 June. Late rates £124.69 https://t.co/dyio7Jr7IM… 4 weeks ago retweeted via INASPinfo RT @OluchiOkere : Creating awareness about our digital resources: TEEAL and AGORA @R4LPartnership , @ITOCA_SA - at local workshop at @Futa_l … 4 weeks ago retweeted via OluchiOkere News Media Center FAQs Contact Search the website:   Follow us ©2017 Research4Life
0	Wintering Areas and Recovery Rates of Brünnich’s Guillemots Uria lomvia Ringed in the Svalbard Archipelago | Bakken | ARCTIC Open Journal Systems Journal Help User Username Password Remember me Subscription Login to verify subscription Language Select Language English Français (Canada) Русский Article Tools Print this article Indexing metadata How to cite item Finding References Email this article (Login required) Email the author (Login required) About The Authors Vidar Bakken Norway Fridtjof Mehlum Norway Journal Content Search Search Scope All Authors Title Abstract Index terms Full Text Browse By Issue By Author By Title Information For Readers For Authors For Librarians Home About Login Register Search Current Archives Announcements Home > Vol 58, No 3 (2005) > Bakken Wintering Areas and Recovery Rates of Brünnich’s Guillemots Uria lomvia Ringed in the Svalbard Archipelago Vidar Bakken, Fridtjof Mehlum Abstract We mapped wintering areas and estimated the recovery rates of Brünnich’s guillemots (thick-billed murres) ringed in Svalbard during 1954–98. Recoveries were reported from Iceland, Greenland, and Newfoundland. An intensive hunt occurs annually off Greenland and Newfoundland, and more than 95% of the recovered birds were reported as shot. Birds recovered as immatures differed from birds recovered as adults in their temporal and spatial distribution. Immatures were more exposed to hunting because they arrived at the hunting areas earlier in the autumn and formed a higher proportion of the population in hunting areas farthest away from Svalbard. The recovery rate of birds ringed in Svalbard as chicks was comparable to the recovery rate reported from Canada. Interestingly, no Svalbard birds have ever been recovered in the southern part of the Barents Sea or along the Norwegian coast, suggesting that these areas are not important to the Svalbard population. The distribution of winter recoveries of birds ringed in Svalbard was compared to the winter recovery areas of Brünnich’s guillemots ringed elsewhere in the North Atlantic. Only birds ringed in Svalbard have been recovered in Iceland in winter. Keywords wintering areas; recovery rate; migration; common guillemot (common murre); Uria aalge; Brünnich’s guillemot (thick-billed murre); Uria lomvia Full Text
0	Satellite Tracking of Eastern Chukchi Sea Beluga Whales into the Arctic Ocean | Suydam | ARCTIC Open Journal Systems Journal Help User Username Password Remember me Subscription Login to verify subscription Language Select Language English Français (Canada) Русский Article Tools Print this article Indexing metadata How to cite item Finding References Email this article (Login required) Email the author (Login required) About The Authors Robert S. Suydam Lloyd F. Lowry Kathy J. Frost Greg M. O'Corry-Crowe Danny Pikok Journal Content Search Search Scope All Authors Title Abstract Index terms Full Text Browse By Issue By Author By Title Information For Readers For Authors For Librarians Home About Login Register Search Current Archives Announcements Home > Vol 54, No 3 (2001) > Suydam Satellite Tracking of Eastern Chukchi Sea Beluga Whales into the Arctic Ocean Robert S. Suydam, Lloyd F. Lowry, Kathy J. Frost, Greg M. O'Corry-Crowe, Danny Pikok Abstract Beluga whales ( Delphinapterus leucas ) congregate in nearshore waters of the eastern Chukchi Sea, especially in Kotzebue Sound and Kasegaluk Lagoon, in June and July. Where they travel after they leave this area was unknown before this study. We live-captured five belugas in Kasegaluk Lagoon and attached satellite-linked depth recorders to them. The belugas, caught between 26 June and 1 July 1998, were all males, ranging in length from 398 to 440 cm. A 310 cm gray beluga accompanied the smallest male. Two tags transmitted for only about two weeks, during which time one animal remained in the vicinity of Icy Cape, 80 km north of the capture site, and the other traveled to Point Barrow, about 300 km north. The other three tags operated for 60-104 days, and those belugas traveled more than 2000 km, reaching 80° N and 133° W, almost 1100 km north of the Alaska coast. This journey required them to move through 700 km of more than 90% ice cover. Two of the whales then moved southward into the Beaufort Sea north and east of Point Barrow. Two whales later moved to an area north of the Mackenzie River delta, where they spent 2-3 weeks before once again heading southwest towards Barrow. Key words: beluga whale, Delphinapterus leucas , Arctic Ocean, Chukchi Sea, movements, satellite telemetry Keywords Beluga whales; Animal live-capture; Animal distribution; Animal tagging; Animal migration; Sea ice; Animal ecology; Whaling; Genetics; Animal behaviour; Satellite communications; Marine ecology; Canadian Beaufort Sea; Chukchi Sea; Kotzebue Sound, Alaska; Kasegaluk Lagoon, Alaska; Icy Cape (70 20 N, 161 52 W), Alaska; Mackenzie Delta, N.W.T.; Bering Strait; Arctic Ocean; Alaskan Beaufort Sea Full Text  "
0	Interspecies Chimerism with Mammalian Pluripotent Stem Cells | Nature Index natureindex.com Sitemap Login Register Nature Index Toggle navigation Home News Current Index Institution tables Institutions A-Z Research highlights Country tables Articles Collaborations Annual tables 2016 tables 2015 tables 2014 tables 2013 tables Supplements Nature Index supplements Nature Index 2017 China Nature Index 2017 Japan Nature Index 2016 Collaborations Nature Index 2016 Australia and New Zealand Nature Index 2016 Rising Stars Nature Index 2016 Saudi Arabia Nature Index 2016 Japan Custom reports Client services Client services FAQ Home Articles Interspecies Chimerism with Mammalian Pluripotent Stem Cells × This page has been saved into your bookmarks × This page has been removed from your bookmarks This feature is only available if you have a Nature Index account. Please sign in or register to add this page to your bookmarks. Interspecies Chimerism with Mammalian Pluripotent Stem Cells Journal: Cell Published: 2017-01-26 DOI : 10.1016/j.cell.2016.12.036 Affiliations: 6 Authors: 37 Go to article Institutions Authors FC WFC Salk Institute for Biological Studies (Salk), United States of America (USA) 0.46 0.46 Facultad de Veterinaria, UMU, Spain 0.19 0.19 UC Davis Department of Animal Science, United States of America (USA) 0.16 0.16 Universidad Católica San Antonio de Murcia (UCAM), Spain 0.12 0.12 Clínica CEMTRO, Fundación Dr. Pedro Guillén, Spain 0.04 0.04 August Pi i Sunyer Biomedical Research Institute (IDIBAPS), Spain 0.03 0.03 Return Nature Index 2017 China This report looks beyond China’s continued increase in publication output and examines how it holds up in other factors that contribute to a functioning research ecosystem. Nature Index 2017 Japan Japan’s status as a science superstar is vulnerable. This supplement examines Japan’s efforts to arrest the decline and return to form as an innovative nation. Access free 点击此处阅读中文版 Coming soon Nature Index 2017 China New 2017 annual tables based on a revised list of natural science journals Follow us on Facebook Research highlights Clay membranes to remove CO 2 from factory exhaust fumes Collaborative Innovation Center of Chemical Science and Engineering (Tianjin) 24 Feb 2017 Ion exchange tunes nanocrystals’ glow Nanjing Tech University (NanjingTech) 15 May 2017 Making superstructures from nanoparticles just like playing LEGO The University of Melbourne (UniMelb) 16 May 2017 Research highlights   Sign up for email weekly updates . Register for free to: export table data bookmark pages create a personal profile with your papers create your own indexes create time trend graphs create a Nature Index widget for your website Register Login Useful links FAQ User tips Knowledge base Glossary of terms The Nature Index journals Expert advisers Advertisement Enhanced profiles FAQ Client Services Institution outputs Country outputs Privacy policy Use of cookies Legal notice Terms Nature.com Nature News Nature jobs Nature Asia-Pacific Except where otherwise noted © 2017Macmillan Publishers Limited, a part of Springer Nature. All Rights Reserved. partner of AGORA, HINARI, OARE, INASP, ORCID, CrossRef and COUNTER
0	Dynamic peptide libraries for the discovery of supramolecular nanomaterials | Nature Index natureindex.com Sitemap Login Register Nature Index Toggle navigation Home News Current Index Institution tables Institutions A-Z Research highlights Country tables Articles Collaborations Annual tables 2016 tables 2015 tables 2014 tables 2013 tables Supplements Nature Index supplements Nature Index 2017 China Nature Index 2017 Japan Nature Index 2016 Collaborations Nature Index 2016 Australia and New Zealand Nature Index 2016 Rising Stars Nature Index 2016 Saudi Arabia Nature Index 2016 Japan Custom reports Client services Client services FAQ Home Articles Dynamic peptide libraries for the discovery of supramolecular nanomaterials × This page has been saved into your bookmarks × This page has been removed from your bookmarks This feature is only available if you have a Nature Index account. Please sign in or register to add this page to your bookmarks. Dynamic peptide libraries for the discovery of supramolecular nanomaterials Journal: Nature Nanotechnology Published: 2016-10-03 DOI : 10.1038/nnano.2016.169 Affiliations: 5 Authors: 9 Go to article Research Highlight Putting a peptide in your step © LAGUNA DESIGN/Science Photo Library/Getty A team led by researchers at City University of New York has discovered how to pick the best starting materials for making functional nanostructures. To build things like smart drug delivery nanocapsules, researchers often turn to nature. Peptides that re-order their component amino acids, can be programmed to self-assemble into almost any structure imaginable. But this vast potential presents a predicament; given the number of possible peptide sequences, it can be hard to find the right one for the task. To do this, the team prepared a library of dipeptide structures, added an enzyme that broke apart peptides, then stepped back to watch. Over time, peptides formed and were cleaved, and sequences with the strongest tendency to self-assemble came to dominate the mixture. By altering the reaction conditions, different sets of useful peptide sequences formed. The process could be automated to explore even more peptide sequence space, the researchers say. Supported content Nature Nanotechnology 11, 960–968 (2016). doi: 10.1038/NNANO.2016.169 Institutions Authors FC WFC Advanced Science Research Center (ASRC), CUNY, United States of America (USA) 0.68 0.68 WestCHEM, United Kingdom (UK) 0.19 0.19 The Graduate Center of the City University of New York (CUNY Graduate Center), United States of America (USA) 0.06 0.06 Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, CUNY Hunter College, United States of America (USA) 0.06 0.06 Return Nature Index 2017 China This report looks beyond China’s continued increase in publication output and examines how it holds up in other factors that contribute to a functioning research ecosystem. Nature Index 2017 Japan Japan’s status as a science superstar is vulnerable. This supplement examines Japan’s efforts to arrest the decline and return to form as an innovative nation. Access free 点击此处阅读中文版 Coming soon Nature Index 2017 China New 2017 annual tables based on a revised list of natural science journals Follow us on Facebook Research highlights When faced with a raging fire, echidnas take it easy Curtin University 14 Mar 2017 Single-origin soup National Research Nuclear University MEPhI (Moscow Engineering Physics Institute) 23 May 2017 Teasing out tags for cancer Technical University of Munich (TUM) 29 May 2017 Research highlights   Sign up for email weekly updates . Register for free to: export table data bookmark pages create a personal profile with your papers create your own indexes create time trend graphs create a Nature Index widget for your website Register Login Useful links FAQ User tips Knowledge base Glossary of terms The Nature Index journals Expert advisers Advertisement Enhanced profiles FAQ Client Services Institution outputs Country outputs Privacy policy Use of cookies Legal notice Terms Nature.com Nature News Nature jobs Nature Asia-Pacific Except where otherwise noted © 2017Macmillan Publishers Limited, a part of Springer Nature. All Rights Reserved. partner of AGORA, HINARI, OARE, INASP, ORCID, CrossRef and COUNTER
1	Seasonal and short-term variation in denitrification and anammox at a coastal station on the Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea (PDF Download Available) For full functionality of ResearchGate it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser . See all › 70 Citations See all › 37 References Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Reddit Download full-text PDF Seasonal and short-term variation in denitrification and anammox at a coastal station on the Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea Article (PDF Available)   in   Hydrobiologia 596(1):67-77  ·  January 2008   with   99 Reads DOI: 10.1007/s10750-007-9058-5 1st Susanna Hietanen 28.94 · University of Helsinki 2nd Jorma Kuparinen 31.57 · University of Helsinki Abstract Benthic processes were measured at a coastal deposition area in the northern Baltic Sea, covering all seasons. The N2 production rates, 90–400μmol Nm−2d−1, were highest in autumn-early winter and lowest in spring. Heterotrophic bacterial production peaked unexpectedly late in the year, indicating that in addition to the temperature, the availability of carbon compounds suitable for the heterotrophic bacteria also plays a major role in regulating the denitrification rate. Anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox) was measured in spring and autumn and contributed 10% and 15%, respectively, to the total N2 production. The low percentage did, however, result in a significant error in the total N2 production rate estimate, calculated using the isotope pairing technique. Anammox must be taken into account in the Gulf of Finland in future sediment nitrogen cycling research. Discover the world's research 12+ million members 100+ million publications 700k+ research projects Join for free 1 Seasonal and short-term variation in denitrification and anammox at a coastal 1 station on the Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea 2 3 4 Susanna Hietanen* and Jorma Kuparinen 5 6 Department of Biological and Environmental Sciences, P.O. Box 65, 00014 7 University of Helsinki, Finland, and Tvärminne Zoological Station, University of 8 Helsinki, 10900 Hanko, Finland 9 10 *corresponding author 11 Department of Biological and Environmental Sciences 12 P.O. Box 65 13 00014 University of Helsinki, Finland 14 Tel. +358-9-19157833 15 Fax. +358-9-19157847 16 e-mail susanna.hietanen@helsinki.fi 17 18 19 Keywords: denitrification, anammox, benthic bacterial production, oxygen 20 consumption, Baltic Sea 21 22 23 This paper has not been submitted elsewhere in similar or identical form, nor will it be 24 during the first three months after its submission to Hydrobiologia . 25 26 2 Abstract 1 2 Benthic processes were measured at a coastal deposition area in the northern Baltic 3 Sea, covering all seasons. The N 2 production rates, 90-400 µmol N m -2 d -1 , were 4 highest in autumn-early winter and lowest in spring. Heterotrophic bacterial 5 production peaked unexpectedly late in the year, indicating that in addition to the 6 temperature, the availability of carbon compounds suitable for the heterotrophic 7 bacteria also plays a major role in regulating the denitrification rate. Anaerobic 8 ammonium oxidation (anammox) was measured in spring and autumn and contributed 9 10% and 15%, respectively, to the total N 2 production. The low percentage did, 10 however, result in a significant error in the total N 2 production rate estimate, 11 calculated using the isotope pairing technique. Anammox must be taken into account 12 in the Gulf of Finland in future sediment nitrogen cycling research. 13 14 15 3 1 Introduction 1 2 The Gulf of Finland is a eutrophic, highly seasonal sub-estuary of the Baltic Sea. It is 3 directly connected to the Baltic Proper at its western end and is under the influence of 4 the Neva River at the eastern end. In the easternmost part of the Gulf, primary 5 production is limited by phosphorus availability, whereas the central and western 6 parts are nitrogen-limited (Kivi et al. 1993, Pitkänen & Tamminen, 1995). Nutrient 7 loading into the Gulf has decreased in recent decades, due to the active protection of 8 the Gulf and economic changes (depression) in the surrounding states of Russia and 9 Estonia (Pitkänen et al. 2001). Still, 120 kt of nitrogen enter the Gulf of Finland every 10 year (Kiirikki et al. 2003). Denitrification, the sequential reduction of nitrate to 11 nitrogen gas, is a process that removes nitrogen from the aquatic ecosystem. Mass 12 balance calculations (Perttilä et al. 1995) as well as ecosystem models (Kiirikki et al. 13 2006) indicate that about 70 kt nitrogen is denitrified in the Gulf of Finland annually. 14 Denitrification has been extensively measured in the open Baltic Sea depositional 15 areas (Tuominen et al. 1998). However, the rates measured have been lower than 16 predicted, and based on these measurements, denitrification has been calculated to 17 remove only 45 kt of nitrogen from the Gulf of Finland annually. This estimate is 18 based solely on measurements performed in the open Baltic Sea depositional areas, 19 assuming that denitrification proceeds at the same rate throughout the entire basin. 20 The shallower coastal areas are hypothesized to be sites of more intense 21 denitrification due to differences in temperature and nitrate and carbon input. So far, 22 no data have been published concerning coastal denitrification in the Gulf of Finland, 23 except from the inner Neva estuary, where it was very low (Gran & Pitkänen, 1999). 24 Another natural process removing fixed nitrogen from the aquatic ecosystem, 25 4 anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox), has recently been found in marine 1 sediments also (Dalsgaard & Thamdrup, 2002, Thamdrup & Dalsgaard, 2002, 2 Trimmer et al. 2003). No information on the importance of this process, in which 3 ammonium is oxidized with nitrite to form nitrogen gas, is available from the Baltic 4 Sea area. 5 To estimate seasonal and short-term variation in coastal nitrogen removal and carbon 6 cycling, we measured denitrification and benthic bacterial production, oxygen 7 consumption and oxygen penetration into the sediment at a coastal station in the 8 northern Gulf of Finland. The processes were measured in May, August, October and 9 December 2003 and in April 2004. The contribution of anammox to nitrogen 10 reduction was estimated in May and August. 11 12 2 Methods 13 14 2.1 Study area and sampling 15 16 Samples were collected from a coastal station in the northern Gulf of Finland 17 (Tvärminne Storfjärden, 59º51’21, 23º15’56), representing a typical outer archipelago 18 depositional area consisting of soft mud. The water depth at the sampling station is 33 19 m, and the water column usually is thermally stratified from June to September. The 20 highest bottom water temperatures, up to 13 °C, are found in late autumn when 21 thermal stratification breaks, and the lowest, below 2 °C, in early spring when the 22 water column has yet to stabilize after ice-out. Sedimentation at the station shows a 23 typical pattern of about 80% of the sedimenting carbon reaching the bottom at the end 24 of the spring bloom in May, with little sedimentation during the rest of the year 25 5 (Heiskanen & Leppänen, 1995, Heiskanen & Tallberg, 1999). In an intensive study in 1 1992, the total primary sedimentation at the station from March to October was 34 g 2 C m -2 (Heiskanen & Tallberg, 1999), of which phytoplankton carbon contributed 8.3 g 3 C m -2 (Tallberg & Heiskanen, 1998). 4 In the present study, samples were collected throughout the year in 1-2-week periods, 5 with several sampling days in each period (Table 1). Temperature and salinity of the 6 near-bottom water were recorded daily using a CTD probe (SIS CTD plus 100, 7 Klausdorf/Schwentine, Germany). The sediment was sampled with a Gemini twin 8 corer (ID of the cores 80 mm, length 80 cm). The oxygen and nitrate concentrations in 9 the overlying water were measured from a single core, about 2 cm above the sediment 10 surface, on every sampling day. The sediment dry weight and organic content (loss on 11 ignition) were measured from a single core once every sampling period from the 12 topmost 1 cm, and C% and N% were measured in the same samples in all except the 13 April 2004 sampling period. The oxygen profiles in the sediment were measured in 14 October, December and April in undisturbed subsample cores (see denitrification), 15 using Clark-type oxygen microelectrodes having 100-µm tips (OX-100, Unisense 16 A/S, Denmark), giving a spatial resolution of about 200 µm. 17 18 2.2 Denitrification and anaerobic ammonium oxidation 19 20 Denitrification was measured every sampling day, using the isotope pairing technique 21 (IPT; Nielsen, 1992). Three replicate subsamples were taken in clear plastic (acrylic) 22 cores (diameter 2.6 cm, height 9 cm) so that about half the core was filled with the 23 sediment and half with the water from above. The samples were enriched with 24 K 15 NO 3 (98 atom.% labelling; Cambridge Isotope Laboratories, MA, USA) to a final 25 6 concentration of 100 µM and incubated, with a magnetic stirrer on the lid of the cores, 1 at in situ temperature in darkness for 3 hours. Microbial activity was then terminated 2 by adding 1 ml of 100% ZnCl 2 , the samples were mixed, and subsamples of the 3 sediment-water slurry were transferred into gastight 12 ml glass vials (Exetainer; 4 Labco, High Wycombe, UK). These were sent to the National Environmental 5 Research Institute, Silkeborg, Denmark, for analysis of N 2 isotopic composition, using 6 a gas chromatographic column coupled to a triple-collector isotopic mass ratio 7 spectrometer (RoboPrep G + in line with Tracer-Mass, Europa Scientific, Crewe, UK). 8 In May and August, the validity of the IPT at this coastal site was evaluated by testing 9 a major assumption behind the method, namely the independency of the rate of 10 denitrification of the 15 NO 3 - concentration used in the incubations (Nielsen, 1992). 11 Briefly, in sediments where denitrification is the only N 2 -producing process, the 12 estimated dinitrogen ( 28 N 2 ) production rate, based on naturally occurring 14 NO 3 - , is 13 independent of the incubation concentration of the added 15 NO 3 - , whereas the 14 production rate of labelled compounds ( 29 N 2 and 30 N 2 ) is linearly dependent on the 15 concentration added. If anammox is present, both the 28 N 2 production rate and the 16 production rate of labelled compounds correlate positively with the 15 NO 3 - 17 concentration used in the experiment. If this is the case, the true rate of 28 N 2 18 production must be estimated from the 14 NO 3 - / 15 NO 3 - ratios in the reducing zone and 19 the ratios of labelled compounds produced at different 15 NO 3 - incubation 20 concentrations, using revised equations (r-IPT; Risgaard-Petersen et al., 2003, 2004b). 21 The resulting new 28 N 2 production estimate is lower than the estimate calculated using 22 the classical IPT, since part of the observed 29 N 2 production is attributed to anammox 23 instead of denitrification. Three sets of samples were incubated with different 24 concentrations of 15 NO 3 - (40, 100 and 400 µM) using randomized blocks design. The 25 7 results from these experiments were first analysed for significant differences between 1 rates in different concentrations using one-way randomized blocks ANOVA ( α = 2 0.05) and then further recalculated according to r-IPT. 3 4 2.3 Benthic bacterial production 5 6 Benthic bacterial production was measured every sampling day (except one) in the 7 topmost 1 cm of the sediment, using the leucine incorporation method modified for 8 sediment samples (Hietanen et al. 1999). In short, 100-µl sediment samples were 9 slurried with filtered near-bottom water in microcentrifuge tubes. At the beginning of 10 every sampling period, the saturation level of the 14 C-leucine (3.7 MBq/ml, Perkin 11 Elmer Life Sciences, MA, USA) was measured by incubating samples with different 12 14 C-leucine concentrations. The measured saturating concentration was then used in 13 all the following incubations, run in three replicates and one blank. The samples were 14 incubated at in situ temperature for 40-60 minutes (tested for linearity of the uptake) 15 and killed with 10% TCA. The unincorporated isotope was removed by repeated 16 centrifugation after washing once with 80% ethanol and twice with 10% TCA. The 17 samples were then suspended in a scintillation cocktail (Instagel Plus; Packard 18 Instruments, Frankfurt, Germany) and gel was formed by adding water according to 19 the manufacturer’s instructions. Radioactivity was recorded in a scintillation counter 20 (WALLAC 1414 LSC; Wallac, Turku, Finland). Isotope dilution was measured once 21 every sampling period, except in May 2003, by adding increasing amounts of 22 unlabelled leucine to samples incubated with a constant amount of 14 C-leucine (at 23 saturation level) and using the reciprocal plot for calculation (Findlay, 1993). Leucine 24 8 incorporation was converted to carbon production according to Simon & Azam 1 (1989), using the measured isotope dilution factor. 2 3 2.4 Diffusive oxygen consumption in sediment 4 5 The sediment oxygen consumption was calculated in August, October and December 6 from the concentration change during incubation in plastic (acrylic) chambers similar 7 to those used for the denitrification measurements, but equipped additionally with a 8 sampling tube at the side, 1 cm higher than the middle of the chamber. A series of 3-6 9 samples were incubated in the dark, with one sample killed at the beginning of the 10 incubation and thereafter every 45 minutes. The oxygen concentration was measured 11 using Winkler titration. Oxygen diffusion into the chambers through the walls was 12 measured in August. Sterile (0.2-µm filtered) seawater was bubbled with nitrogen gas 13 until the ambient 90-µM O 2 concentration was attained. The incubation chambers 14 were filled with the bubbled seawater, incubated in the coldroom the same way as the 15 samples and the concentration increase in the sterile water was followed over time by 16 Winkler titration. Diffusion of oxygen into the chambers through the walls was 50 µM 17 O 2 h -1 . This was taken into account in calculating the oxygen consumption rates in 18 August. During all the other measuring periods the ambient oxygen concentration was 19 approximately at saturation level and, according to Fick’s First law, no diffusion into 20 the chambers was expected. After incubation the sediment samples were sieved (mesh 21 size 100 µm) to check for the presence of macrofauna. The few samples with animals, 22 mainly Macoma baltica (L.), were omitted from the final calculations. Therefore the 23 calculated rates represent diffusive oxygen consumption, not total sediment uptake. 24 25 9 1 3 Results 2 3 3.1 Annual variation in hydrography and oxygen conditions 4 5 The temperature in the near-bottom water varied from 1.1 °C to 6.5 °C between the 6 sampling periods, showing the typical annual dynamics of a coastal station. The water 7 column was completely mixed in the first sampling period in May 2003, with good 8 oxygen conditions (330 µM O 2 ) in the bottom water, and stratified by temperature and 9 salinity in August 2003, with a clearly lowered oxygen level (95 µM O 2 ). By October 10 2003, the stratification had deteriorated and the mixing had replenished the depleted 11 oxygen stores (Table 1). The average depth of oxygen penetration into the sediment 12 was 3.2 mm in October (SD 0.3), 3.6 mm in December (SD 0.7) and 2.5 mm in April 13 (SD 1.3). 14 15 3.2 Seasonal and short-term variability in denitrification 16 17 There was wide and statistically significant variation in denitrification activity 18 between seasons, whereas the short-term variation between the days within a 19 sampling period was not significant, except in December when a value from one day 20 was exceptionally high (ANOVA, α = 0.05, p < 0.01). Denitrification was highest in 21 October-December and lowest in April and May (Figure 2B). The bulk of 22 denitrification was always coupled with nitrification (Figure 2B). Coupled 23 nitrification-denitrification (Dn) was positively correlated (p < 0.05) with sediment 24 oxygen consumption and bacterial carbon production, as well as with temperature and 25 10 nitrate concentration. Denitrification based on the nitrate available in the water 1 column (Dw) correlated positively with nitrate availability and bacterial carbon 2 production, but was not significantly correlated with temperature. Neither Dn nor Dw 3 were correlated with the O 2 concentration. 4 5 3.3 Contribution of anammox to nitrogen reduction 6 7 In the experiments with increasing 15 NO 3 - concentrations, both 14 NO 3 - reduction ( 28 N 2 8 production) and 15 NO 3 - reduction ( 29 N 2 and 30 N 2 production) correlated with the 9 concentration added (May p = 0.00 and 0.00, August p = 0.01 and 0.00, respectively, 10 Figure 1). Therefore the contribution of anammox was calculated according to the r- 11 IPT. The rate of anammox was about 10 µmol N m -2 d -1 , corresponding to 10% of the 12 total N 2 production rate in May, and about 30 µmol N m -2 d -1 , corresponding to 14% 13 in August. The anammox caused the IPT to overestimate the N 2 production rate by 14 80% in May and 150% in August, at the routinely used 100 µM 15 NO 3 - incubation 15 concentration (Figures 2A and 2B). Since we have no reason to believe that anammox 16 would disappear for the rest of the year, the results from the IPT (shown uncorrected 17 in Figure 2A) were also corrected for the effect of anammox outside the measured 18 seasons. We used a conservative estimate of 10% contribution to the total N 2 19 production ( ra ) as measured in May to recalculate the results from October, December 20 and April (Figure 2B), because we have no information on the seasonality of the 21 process in the Baltic Sea. However, if the increase in relative importance from May to 22 August were correlated with the overall increase in activity caused by the rising 23 temperature and proceeding of the mineralization of the sedimented spring bloom, the 24 higher ra levels could have lasted for the rest of the year and, consequently, the values 25 11 given here for the N 2 production could still be overestimates. On the other hand, if the 1 percentage of anammox would for some reason decrease from October to April, these 2 new values would be underestimates of the true N 2 production. The effect is clear 3 when the annual N 2 production in the Gulf of Finland is calculated by multiplying the 4 rates measured at the coastal station (which are similar to the rates measured in the 5 open sea (Tuominen et al., 1998)) for the entire area of the Gulf of Finland (29 600 6 km 2 ). Using 10% anammox, 90% denitrification for May (measured), October, 7 December and April and 15% anammox, 85% denitrification for August (measured) 8 gives 39 100 t N removed per year (Figure 2B). Using the same data so that 10% 9 anammox, 90% denitrification are used for May (measured) and 15% anammox, 85% 10 denitrification for August (measured), and no anammox is assumed for October, 11 December and April when it was not measured, gives 43 100 t N. If anammox is 12 totally overlooked and only the results from classical IPT are used, denitrification 13 removes 53 800 t N annually from the Gulf of Finland (Figure 2A). 14 15 3.4 Seasonal and short-term variability in benthic bacterial production 16 17 Benthic leucine uptake became saturated at about 4 µM in all seasons. The isotope 18 dilution, measured in all but the May samples, varied from no dilution (factor 1) in 19 April to the highest dilution (factor 5.2) in December. Benthic bacterial production 20 was low in the early spring and increased towards the end of the year (Figure 1). 21 Assuming no isotope dilution in May 2003 (none occurred in April 2004), bacterial 22 production increased from 6.5 mmol C m -2 d -1 in May to 84 mmol C m -2 d -1 in 23 December. It varied in a statistically significant manner ( α = 0.05, p < 0.01) daily 24 within a season except in April 2004 (when there were only 3 sampling days) and 25 12 between the seasons as well. Benthic bacterial carbon production correlated with 1 denitrification (Dn and Dw), sediment oxygen consumption, temperature and nitrate 2 concentration. 3 4 3.5 Sediment oxygen consumption 5 6 Oxygen consumption did not vary in a statistically significant manner ( α = 0.05, 7 p>0.01) daily within a season except in October (p < 0.01), but varied between the 8 seasons (Figure 1), showing the lowest respiration rates in low oxygen concentrations 9 in August (average 5.4 mmol O 2 m -2 d -1 at 95 µM O 2 ). There was no difference 10 between the rates in October and December (averages 10.1 and 11.5 mmol O 2 m -2 d -1 11 at 310 and 380 µM O 2 ). Oxygen consumption correlated positively with anammox 12 and Dn (but not with Dw), benthic bacterial carbon production, temperature and 13 oxygen concentration. Unfortunately it was only measured in August, October and 14 December, leaving the low-activity season, early spring, unaccounted for. 15 In August, live animals were found in some of the subsamples almost every day. In 16 these samples the average oxygen consumption was twice the diffusive oxygen 17 consumption. Surprisingly, while the oxygen concentration increased towards the end 18 of the year (Table 1), the amount of live macrofauna decreased, so that in October 19 only 8 animals were found in the 63 subsamples and in December only 3 in 45 20 subsamples. In these rare samples with animals the oxygen consumption was 21 increased by about 40% and 75%, respectively, compared with the diffusive oxygen 22 uptake. 23 24 13 4 Discussion 1 2 Seasonal variation in N 2 production 3 Rates of N 2 production at the coastal depositional bottom studied, 90-400 µmol N m -2 4 d -1 (exception: one day in December 550 µmol N m -2 d -1 ), were slightly lower than the 5 rates measured in the central Gulf of Finland (100-650 µmol N m -2 d -1 , Tuominen et 6 al., 1998). The N 2 production, of which denitrification contributed 85-90%, followed 7 an annual cycle similar to that of the open Baltic Sea areas, with low spring values 8 and higher late summer-early winter rates. The driving forces behind the seasonal 9 variation in denitrification in the open Baltic Sea areas are presumably organic carbon 10 (sedimentation), temperature, nitrate concentration and oxygen availability in the 11 sediments. Carbon sedimentation has a twofold impact, since it increases the activity 12 of the denitrifying heterotrophic bacteria through substrate availability, but also 13 causes a decline in the oxygen concentration. Sedimentation of carbon in the study 14 area was much higher than in the open Gulf of Finland (study area 34 g C m -2 in an 8- 15 month study (Heiskanen & Tallberg, 1999), vs. station GF2, 21 g C m -2 in a 6-month 16 study (Leivuori & Vallius, 1998)). Still, denitrification was lower in the coastal area. 17 The carbon content of the sediment was measured in May, August, October and 18 December 2003, with values decreasing from 6.5% in the spring to 5.5% in 19 December. At the same time, denitrification tended to increase. Therefore, the 20 absolute carbon sedimentation and content alone could not explain the observed 21 denitrification rates. Instead, a key to the denitrification dynamics may be the 22 availability of carbon compounds suitable for the heterotrophic denitrifying bacteria. 23 In the study area, most of the annual sedimenting carbon reaches the seafloor 24 immediately after the spring bloom, in the form of diatoms (Heiskanen & Leppänen, 25 14 1995, Tallberg & Heiskanen, 1998). Tallberg (1999) found that 68% of the spring 1 diatoms disappeared within 1 month in 9-12 ° C lake sediments. Mineralization of the 2 diatom cells at the coastal station is most likely slower and can support benthic 3 processes up to late summer. The increasing leucine isotope dilution factors suggested 4 that there were abundant mineralization products available for the bacteria in autumn, 5 indicating increased substrate supply for the heterotrophic denitrification bacteria. 6 Why denitrification peaked in October rather than in December, when the bacterial 7 carbon production did, may be related to the decreasing temperature. 8 Being microbial processes, both denitrification and anammox are temperature- 9 dependent, but apparently respond differently to changes in environmental 10 temperature. In the permanently cold (< -1°C year-round) sediments of Greenland, 11 anammox was maximal at 12 °C, whereas denitrification exhibited maximum activity 12 at 24 °C (Rysgaard et al., 2004). In the Skagerrak, where the annual temperature 13 variation is from 4 °C to 6 °C, the optimal temperature for anammox was 15 °C and 14 the activity decreased sharply above 25 °C, whereas denitrification had a wider 15 optimal range (15-32 °C) and was still detectable at 45 °C (Dalsgaard & Thamdrup, 16 2002). In the open Gulf of Finland the annual variation is limited to a few degrees 17 around 3 °C, and the denitrification rates measured showed no temperature 18 dependency (Tuominen et al. 1998). In the study area, temperatures ranged from near 19 zero in spring to 6.5 °C in autumn, and all the measured process rates (N 2 production, 20 bacterial production and oxygen consumption) correlated positively with temperature. 21 The denitrification rate doubled and anammox rate tripled from May to August, while 22 at the same time the temperature rose from 2 °C to 3 °C. Denitrification nearly 23 doubled again and anammox rate increased by 30% (since lower ra levels were used 24 in the calculations) from August to October, while the temperature doubled to 6 °C. 25 15 This suggests that although the increase in the rate in summer may have been related 1 to the small increases in temperature, other factors such as carbon and O 2 2 concentration (through nitrification) apparently co-limit the rates. In December, when 3 bacterial production and sediment oxygen consumption peaked, the N 2 production 4 rates were already decreasing, as was the temperature. 5 The availability of nitrate in the bottom water had only a minor effect on the 6 denitrification rate. While the uncoupled denitrification (Dw) was enhanced by higher 7 nitrate concentrations, the amount of total denitrification was closely connected to the 8 nitrate formed by nitrification in the sediment (Dn). Nitrification, in turn, is largely 9 regulated by O 2 availability in the sediment, and therefore the anoxic denitrification 10 process does not simply increase with decreasing O 2 concentration. In Storfjärden, the 11 percentage of Dw in total denitrification was about 5% for May, October and 12 December, and as low as 0.4% in April, but increased to 10% in August when the O 2 13 concentration was low. This indicates either that the nitrification/denitrification ratio 14 decreased or that nitrification was concentrated in a shallower layer closer to the 15 sediment surface, leading to nitrate diffusion into the water column and thereby 16 uncoupling from denitrification. Unfortunately, there were no measurements of 17 oxygen penetration in August. The surface of the sediment, however, was oxidized in 18 all sampling seasons, as demonstrated by the light brown layer covering the darker, 19 deeper, reduced layers. This oxidized layer was thinner, but still present, in August. 20 We calculated the approximate oxygen penetration depth, using the oxygen 21 consumption rate, oxygen concentration in the bottom water and oxygen diffusion 22 coefficient into the sediment in August; the depth was about 1.6-1.9 mm, which is half 23 the depth measured during good oxygen conditions in the bottom water. Similarly, the 24 Dn rates were 40-50% lower than the rates in October and December when much 25 16 higher O 2 concentrations and consumption rates were measured (Figure 2B, Table 1). 1 A direct linear relationship between denitrification and sediment oxygen demand 2 exists in a wide variety of estuarine, freshwater and continental shelf sediments 3 (Seitzinger, 1987, Seitzinger & Giblin, 1996). A positive correlation between oxygen 4 consumption and Dn (but not Dw) could also be seen in the present study in the late 5 summer- winter period. Kemp et al. (1990) found that the nitrification rates in 6 Chesapeake Bay were negligible at O 2 concentrations < 125 µM, because the 7 sediment O 2 consumption exceeded O 2 diffusion into the sediment and restricted 8 nitrification to the sediment surface. In Storfjärden, the O 2 concentration dropped to 9 95 µM in August, but the sediment did not become totally anoxic, because the O 2 10 consumption also decreased. Clearly the oxygen deficiency did not totally block 11 nitrification at the concentrations observed, since the denitrification values were high 12 in August. Previous exposure to low O 2 concentrations or even anoxia can also cause 13 adaptations in nitrifying communities, so that bacteria repeatedly experiencing such 14 conditions have higher affinity for O 2 than bacteria from permanently oxic 15 environments (Bodelier et al. 1996). This may also be the case in the Storfjärden area. 16 17 Spatial variation in N 2 production 18 So far, all the published denitrification data from the Gulf of Finland have been 19 obtained from depositional areas. Extrapolation from these to the entire Gulf resulted 20 in an estimate of 30% removal of the annual nitrogen loading to the Gulf of Finland 21 (Tuominen et al., 1998, this study). However, only 25-35% of the Gulf of Finland 22 bottom can be classified as depositional areas (H. Kankaanpää, Finnish Institute of 23 Marine Research; H. Vallius, Geological Survey of Finland, pers. comm.) and thus the 24 present estimates for the Gulf of Finland may be biased, since no approximation of the 25 17 variability between different (transport or erosion) bottoms can be given. Stockenberg 1 & Johnstone (1997) measured denitrification in the Bothnian Bay in accumulation as 2 well as transportation areas, finding that the denitrification capacity of transportation 3 bottoms was only 30% of that of the accumulation basins. If this is the case in the 4 Gulf of Finland as well, the nitrogen removal via denitrification and anammox would 5 only cover 15-20% of the annual loading, further illustrating the discrepancy between 6 the measured and modelled removal rates. 7 8 Anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox) 9 In the present study, the presence of anammox was explored for the first time in the 10 Gulf of Finland. Anammox produced 10-15% of the total N 2 production at the coastal 11 station studied. The relative contribution of anammox to the overall nitrogen 12 reduction is often minor in coastal environments with high denitrification rates and 13 increases with depth, as the rate of denitrification decreases (Thamdrup & Dalsgaard, 14 2002, Risgaard-Petersen et al., 2004a, Engström et al., 2005). Accordingly, a higher 15 relative contribution in this study could have been expected in May, when 16 denitrification was low, than in August, when denitrification was maximal. However, 17 the absolute rate of anammox tripled from May to August, while the denitrification 18 rate doubled. A concomitant increase of 1 °C (from 2 °C to 3 °C) at these low 19 temperatures may have had a larger effect on anammox than on denitrification 20 (Dalsgaard & Thamdrup, 2002, Rysgaard et al., 2004), causing an increase in the 21 relative percentage of anammox from 10% to 15% of the total N 2 production. A trend 22 similar to the one observed here – increase in importance of anammox with increasing 23 overall activity – was described in the Thames Estuary (Trimmer et al., 2003) and in 24 subtropical mangrove sediments in Australia (Meyer et al., 2005). In the Thames 25 18 Estuary, anammox was positively correlated with the organic carbon content, whereas 1 in the subtropical mangrove sediments, nitrite and nitrate availability regulated 2 anammox activity. Organic carbon was may control the autotrophic anammox 3 community in the Thames Estuary by enhancing heterotrophic denitrification, which 4 in turn produces nitrite for the anammox bacteria (Trimmer et al., 2003). At low 5 nitrate concentration (below 10 µM), not only the relative contribution but also the 6 absolute rate of anammox diminishes, probably as a consequence of competition for 7 substrate with heterotrophic nitrate and nitrite reducers (Trimmer et al., 2005). In the 8 present study the concentrations of combined nitrate and nitrite were most of the year 9 below 2 µM and never exceeded 3 µM, which supports the findings of low anammox 10 activities in the area. 11 Two methods are currently used to estimate the contribution of anammox to the total 12 N 2 production in sediments where both processes exist. The site-specific, intact core 13 method (r-IPT, Risgaard-Petersen et al. 2003, 2004b) used in this study gives the best 14 estimates of anammox and denitrification activity because it does not call for 15 destruction of the natural stratification in the sediment. It also measures the activity of 16 the entire sediment core instead of a selected layer. However, it requires minimal 17 sediment heterogeneity, because high scatter in the raw data can mask significant 18 differences in rates (Trimmer et al., 2006). The slurry incubations method (Thamdrup 19 & Dalsgaard, 2002) is based on collection of the active surface/subsurface layer of 20 sediment for anoxic incubation with different combinations of labelled and unlabelled 21 nitrogen compounds (NO 2 - , NO 3 - , NH 4 + ). The method breaks the chemical 22 stratification of the sediment, and the processes are not necessarily measured in the 23 layer in which they are most active. Therefore, it is prone to giving underestimates of 24 the processes (Trimmer et al., 2006.) At the coastal station studied here, the 25 19 macrofauna was limited to a few small Macoma baltica mussels. These were found 1 occasionally (not even daily) in the samples, and the results from these samples were 2 always omitted from the calculations. Therefore the intact core method probably gave 3 a reliable approximation of the N 2 production in the study area. The calculated 4 contribution of 10-15% caused a dramatic 80-150% overestimate in the N 2 production 5 when the classical IPT was used, due to the high 15 NO 3 - incubation concentration 6 used. This indicates a need to verify the measurements performed earlier in the Gulf 7 of Finland using the IPT and high 15 NO 3 - concentrations, since no data are yet 8 available on the bias anammox may have caused in the denitrification estimates. 9 10 5 Conclusions 11 12 Coastal denitrification, measured here for the first time in the northern Baltic Sea, is 13 of similar magnitude as denitrification in the open Baltic Sea depositonal areas. It 14 follows a clear seasonal cycle of low rates in early spring, high rates from late 15 summer to late autumn and diminishing rates again in winter. This variation is 16 strongly related to temperature and mineralization of the sedimented spring diatom 17 bloom, the main carbon source to the sediment in the basin studied. Anammox was 18 explored for the first time in the Gulf of Finland. It was measured in spring and 19 autumn and contributed less than 10% to the total N 2 production. The low percentage 20 did, however, cause a significant error in the total N 2 production rate estimate, 21 calculated using the classical IPT. Therefore we recommend that anammox be taken 22 into account in future research in Gulf of Finland sediment nitrogen cycling. Since no 23 data on the seasonal and spatial variability of anammox rates from the Gulf of Finland 24 are yet available, the true N 2 production rates cannot be reliably estimated. Both N 25 20 budgets and models, however, indicate that some 70 000-86 000 t N are removed 1 from the Gulf of Finland annually (Perttilä et al., 1995, Savchuk 2005, Kiirikki et al., 2 2006). The N 2 production rates measured in this project release 39 100 t N annually, 3 leaving 30 900- 46 900 t N to be removed by other processes, or by more efficient N 2 4 production in some areas. Since some of the highest N 2 production values have been 5 measured from coastal and river estuarine basins (Silvennoinen et al., 2007), these 6 seem likely places to begin looking for the \"mysteriously disappearing nitrogen\". The 7 high spatial and temporal variability in the sediment processes, caused by 8 heterogeneity in the bottom topography, flow rates, environmental conditions and 9 interannual changes in these, leave room for speculation. Clearly, there are still large 10 gaps in our understanding of the nitrogen dynamics of the Gulf of Finland. 11 12 Acknowledgements 13 14 We thank S. Hauta-aho (University of Helsinki) warmly for the oxygen consumption 15 data. This study was funded by the Academy of Finland BIREME programme, and 16 conducted through the SEGUE Consortium. 17 18 References 19 Bodelier, P. L. E., J. A. Libochant, C. W. P. M. Blom, & H. J. Laanbroek, 1996. 20 Dynamics of nitrification and denitrification in root-oxygenated sediments and 21 adaptation of ammonia-oxidizing bacteria to low-oxygen or anoxic habitats. 22 Applied and Environmental Microbiology 62: 4100-4107. 23 21 Dalsgaard, T. & B. Thamdrup, 2002. Factors controlling anaerobic ammonium 1 oxidation with nitrite in marine sediments. Applied and Environmental 2 Microbiology 68: 3802-2808. 3 Engström, P., T. Dalsgaard, S. Hulth & R. C. Aller, 2005. Anaerobic ammonium 4 oxidation by nitrite (anammox): Implications for N 2 production in coastal marine 5 sediments. Geochimica Cosmochimica Acta 69: 2057-2065. 6 Findlay, S. 1993. Thymidine incorporation into DNA as an estimate of sediment 7 bacterial production. In Kemp, P. F., B. F. Sherr, E. B. Sherr & J.J. Cole (eds), 8 Handbook of methods in aquatic microbial ecology. Lewis Publishers, Boca Raton, 9 USA: 505-508. 10 Gran, V. & H. Pitkänen, 1999. Denitrification in estuarine sediments in the eastern 11 Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea. Hydrobiologia 393: 107-115. 12 Heiskanen, A. S. & J. M. Leppänen, 1995. Estimation of export production in the 13 coastal Baltic Sea: effect of resuspension and microbial decomposition on 14 sedimentation measurements. Hydrobiologia 316: 211-224. 15 Heiskanen, A. S. & P. Tallberg, 1999. Sedimentation and particulate nutrient 16 dynamics along a coastal gradient from a fjord-like bay to the open sea. 17 Hydrobiologia 393: 127-140. 18 Hietanen, S., L. Tuominen & J. Kuparinen, 1999. A modified 14 C-leucine uptake 19 method to measure benthic bacterial production in the northern Baltic Sea. Aquatic 20 Microbial Ecology 20: 13-20. 21 Kemp, W. M., P. Sampou, J. Caffrey & M. Mayer, 1990. Ammonium recycling 22 versus denitrification in Chesapeake Bay sediments. Limnology and Oceanography 23 35: 1545-1563. 24 22 Kiirikki, M., J. Lehtoranta, A. Inkala, H. Pitkänen, S. Hietanen, P. O. J. Hall, A. 1 Tengberg, J. Koponen & J. Sarkkula, 2006. A simple sediment process description 2 suitable for 3D-ecosystem modelling — Development and testing in the Gulf of 3 Finland. Journal of Marine Systems 61: 55-66. 4 Kiirikki, M., P. Rantanen, R. Varjopuro, A. Leppänen, M. Hiltunen, H. Pitkänen, P. 5 Ekholm, E. Moukhametshina, A. Inkala, H. Kuosa & J. Sarkkula, 2003. Cost 6 effective water protection in the Gulf of Finland. Focus on St. Petersburg. The 7 Finnish Environment 632. Edita Publishing Ltd, Vantaa, Finland. 8 Kivi, K., S. Kaitala, H. Kuosa, J. Kuparinen, E. Leskinen, R. Lignell, B. Marcussen & 9 T. Tamminen, 1993. Nutrient limitation and grazing control of the Baltic plankton 10 community during annual succession. Limnology and Oceanography 38: 893-905. 11 Leivuori, M. & H. Vallius, 1998. A case of seasonal variation in the chemical 12 composition of accumulating suspended sediments in the central Gulf of Finland. 13 Chemosphere 36: 2417-2435. 14 Meyer, R. L., N. Risgaard-Petersen & D. E. Allen, 2005. Correlation between 15 anammox activity and microscale distribution of nitrite in subtropical mangrove 16 sediment. Applied and Environmental Microbiology 71: 6142-6149. 17 Nielsen, L. P., 1992. Denitrification in sediment determined from nitrogen isotope 18 pairing. FEMS Microbiology Ecology 86: 357-362. 19 Perttilä, M., L. Niemistö & K. Mäkelä, 1995. Distribution, development and total 20 amounts of nutrients in the Gulf of Finland. Estuarine Coastal and Shelf Science 21 41: 345-360. 22 Pitkänen, H. & T. Tamminen, 1995. Nitrogen and phosphorus as production limiting 23 factors in the estuarine waters of the eastern Gulf of Finland. Marine Ecology 24 Progress Series 129: 283-294. 25 23 Pitkänen, H., J. Lehtoranta & A. Räike, 2001. Internal nutrient fluxes counteract 1 decreases in external load: the case of the estuarial eastern Gulf of Finland. Ambio 2 30: 195-201. 3 Risgaard-Petersen, N., R. L. Meyer, M. Schmid, M. S. M. Jetten, A. Enrich-Prast, S. 4 Rysgaard & N. P. Revsbech, 2004a. Anaerobic ammonium oxidation in an 5 estuarine sediment. Aquatic Microbial Ecology 36: 293-304. 6 Risgaard-Petersen, N., L. P. Nielsen, S. Rysgaard, T. Dalsgaard & R. L. Meyer, 2003. 7 Application of the isotope pairing technique in sediment where anammox and 8 denitrification coexist. Limnology and Oceanography Methods 1: 63-73. 9 Risgaard-Petersen, N., L. P. Nielsen, S. Rysgaard, T. Dalsgaard & R. L. Meyer, 10 2004b. Erratum: Application of the isotope pairing technique in sediment where 11 anammox and denitrification coexist. Limnology and Oceanography Methods 2: 12 315-315. 13 Rysgaard, S., R. N. Glud, N. Risgaard-Petersen & T. Dalsgaard, 2004. Denitrification 14 and anammox activity in Arctic marine sediments. Limnology and Oceangraphy 15 49: 1493-1502. 16 Savchuk, O., 2005. Resolving the Baltic Sea into seven subbasins: N and P budgets 17 for 1991-1999. Journal of Marine Systems 56: 1-15 18 Seitzinger, S. P., 1987. Nitrogen biogeochemistry in an unpolluted estuary: The 19 importance of benthic denitrification. Marine Ecology Progress Series 41: 177-186. 20 Seitzinger, S. P. & A. E. Giblin, 1996. Estimating denitrification in North Alantic 21 continental shelf sediments. Biogeochemistry 35: 235-260. 22 Silvennoinen H, Hietanen S, Liikanen A, Stange CF, Russow R, Kuparinen J, 23 Martikainen PJ, 2007. Denitrification in the river estuaries of the northern 24 Baltic Sea. Ambio, in press. 25 24 Simon, M. & F. Azam, 1989. Protein content and protein synthesis rates of planktonic 1 marine bacteria. Marine Ecology Progress Series 51: 201-213. 2 Stockenberg, A. & R. W. Johnstone, 1997. Benthic denitrification in the Gulf of 3 Bothnia. Estuarine Coastal and Shelf Science 45: 835-843. 4 Tallberg, P., 1999. The magnitude of Si dissolution from diatoms at the sediment 5 surface and its potential impact on P mobilization. Archiv für Hydrobiologie 144: 6 429-438. 7 Tallberg, P. & A. S. Heiskanen, 1998. Species-specific phytoplankton sedimentation 8 in relation to primary production along an inshore-offshore gradient in the Baltic 9 Sea. Journal of Plankton Research 20: 2053-2070. 10 Thamdrup, B. & T. Dalsgaard, 2002 Production of N 2 throught anaerobic ammonium 11 oxidation coupled to nitrate reduction in marine sediments. Applied and 12 Environmental Microbiology 68: 1312-1318. 13 Trimmer, M., J. C. Nicholls & B. Deflandre, 2003. Anaerobic ammonium oxidation 14 measured in sediments along the Thames estuary. Applied and Environmental 15 Microbiology 69: 6447-6454. 16 Trimmer, M., J. C. Nicholls, N. Morley, C. A. Davies & J. Aldridge, 2005. Biphasic 17 behaviour of anammox regulated by nitrite and nitrate in an estuarine sediment. 18 Applied and Environmental Microbiology 71: 1923-1930. 19 Trimmer, M., N. Risgaard-Petersen, J. C. Nicholls & P. Engström, 2006. Direct 20 measurements of anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox) and denitrification in 21 intact sediment cores. Marine Ecology Progress Series 326: 37-47. 22 Tuominen, L., A. Heinänen, J. Kuparinen & L. P. Nielsen, 1998. Spatial and temporal 23 variability of denitrification in the sediments of the northern Baltic Proper. Marine 24 Ecology Progress Series 172: 13-24. 25 25 1 2 26 1 Tables 2 3 Table 1. Sampling periods, number of measurements and environmental conditions 5 4 cm above the sediment surface within periods. 5 May-03 Aug-03 Oct-03 Dec-03 Apr-04 Denitrification 3 8 8 8 3 Anammox 1 1 0 0 0 Benthic bacterial production 3 8 8 7 3 Sediment oxygen consumption 0 7 8 8 0 O 2 profiles 0 0 9 21 3 Temperature °C 2.0 3.0 5.9 4.4 2.6 Salinity 6.35 6.83 6.62 6.46 5.82 O 2 µM 330 95 310 380 390 NO 2 - +NO 3 - -N µM 0.29 1.40 1.64 2.26 0.29 6 7 27 Figure captions 1 2 Figure 1. N 2 production (µmol N m -2 d -1 ) in May and August 2003 at different 15 NO 3 - 3 incubation concentrations, calculated using the classical IPT equations (diamonds), 4 and using the r-IPT with r 14 estimated from concentration series (triangles). Average 5 and standard deviation. 6 7 Figure 2. A) Denitrification (µmol N m -2 d -1 ) measured using classical IPT; grey 8 columns Dn, white columns Dw B) total N 2 production (µmol N m -2 d -1 ) calculated 9 using r-IPT; black columns anammox, grey columns Dn, white columns Dw C) 10 benthic bacterial carbon production (mmol C m -2 d -1 ) and D) sediment oxygen 11 consumption (mmol O 2 m -2 d -1 ). Average and standard deviation. 12 13 Citations Citations 70 References References 37 However, our rates were comparable to those reported from Arctic and subarctic sediments (33–340 µmol N m −2 day −1 ; Gihring et al., 2010; Rysgaard et al., 2004; Seitzinger and Giblin, 1996). Anammox rates (6–75 µmol N m −2 day −1 ; median: 27 µmol N m −2 day −1 ) were higher than those measured in coastal areas of the Gulf of Finland and the central Baltic proper (0–38 µmol N m −2 day −1 ; median: 11 µmol N m −2 day −1 ; Bonaglia et al., 2014a; Hietanen and Kuparinen, 2008 ) but comparable to rates of Arctic sediments from Greenland and Svalbard (1– 92 µmol N m −2 day −1 ; Gihring et al., 2010; Rysgaard et al., 2004) and those of Celtic and Irish Sea sediments (2– 46 µmol N m −2 day −1 ; Jaeschke et al., 2009). It thus seems that the GOB sediments behave similarly to Arctic and subarctic sediments in terms of global N loss and partitioning between denitrification and anammox. The fate of fixed nitrogen in marine sediments with low organic loading: An in situ study [Show abstract] [Hide abstract] ABSTRACT: Over the last decades, the impact of human activities on the global nitrogen (N) cycle has drastically increased. Consequently, benthic N cycling has mainly been studied in anthropogenically impacted estuaries and coasts, while in oligotrophic systems its understanding is still scarce. Here we report on benthic solute fluxes and on rates of denitrification, anammox, and dissimilatory nitrate reduction to ammonium (DNRA) studied by in situ incubations with benthic chamber landers during two cruises to the Gulf of Bothnia (GOB), a cold, oligotrophic basin located in the northern part of the Baltic Sea. Rates of N burial were also inferred to investigate the fate of fixed N in these sediments. Most of the total dissolved fixed nitrogen (TDN) diffusing to the water column was composed of organic N. Average rates of dinitrogen (N2) production by denitrification and anammox (range: 53–360 µmol N m−2 day−1) were comparable to those from Arctic and subarctic sediments worldwide (range: 34–344 µmol N m−2 day−1). Anammox accounted for 18–26 % of the total N2 production. Absence of free hydrogen sulfide and low concentrations of dissolved iron in sediment pore water suggested that denitrification and DNRA were driven by organic matter oxidation rather than chemolithotrophy. DNRA was as important as denitrification at a shallow, coastal station situated in the northern Bothnian Bay. At this pristine and fully oxygenated site, ammonium regeneration through DNRA contributed more than one-third to the TDN efflux and accounted, on average, for 45 % of total nitrate reduction. At the offshore stations, the proportion of DNRA in relation to denitrification was lower (0–16 % of total nitrate reduction). Median value and range of benthic DNRA rates from the GOB were comparable to those from the southern and central eutrophic Baltic Sea and other temperate estuaries and coasts in Europe. Therefore, our results contrast with the view that DNRA is negligible in cold and well-oxygenated sediments with low organic carbon loading. However, the mechanisms behind the variability in DNRA rates between our sites were not resolved. The GOB sediments were a major source (237 kt yr−1, which corresponds to 184 % of the external N load) of fixed N to the water column through recycling mechanisms. To our knowledge, our study is the first to document the simultaneous contribution of denitrification, DNRA, anammox, and TDN recycling combined with in situ measurements. Full-text · Article · Jan 2017 Stefano Bonaglia Astrid Hylén Jayne E Rattray + 1 more author ... Mikhail Y. Kononets Read full-text However, our rates were 10 comparable to those reported from Arctic and subarctic sediments (33–340 µmol N m -2 d -1 (Gihring et al., 2010; Rysgaard et al., 2004; Seitzinger and Giblin, 1996)). Bonaglia et al., 2014a; Hietanen and Kuparinen, 2008 )), but comparable to rates of Arctic sediments from Greenland and Svalbard (1–92 µmol N m -2 d -1 (Gihring et al., 2010; Rysgaard et al., 2004)) and those of Celtic and Irish Sea sediments 15 (2–46 µmol N m -2 d -1 (Jaeschke et al., 2009)). It thus seems that the GOB sediments behave similarly to Arctic and subarctic sediments in terms of global N loss and partitioning between denitrification and anammox. The fate of fixed nitrogen in oligotrophic marine sediments: an in situ study [Show abstract] [Hide abstract] ABSTRACT: Given the increasing impacts of human activities on global nitrogen (N) cycle, investigations on N transformation processes in the marine environment have drastically increased in the last years. Benthic N cycling has mainly been studied in anthropogenically impacted estuaries and coasts, while its understanding in oligotrophic systems is still scarce. Here we report on rates of denitrification, anammox and dissimilatory nitrate reduction to ammonium (DNRA) studied by in situ incubations with benthic chamber landers during two cruises to the Gulf of Bothnia (GOB), a cold, oligotrophic basin located in the northern part of the Baltic Sea. Burial and benthic solute fluxes were also experimentally determined to investigate the fate of fixed N in these sediments. Average rates of N2 production by denitrification and anammox (range 53–360 µmol N m−2 d−1) were comparable to those from Arctic and subarctic sediments worldwide (range 34–344 µmol N m−2 d−1). Anammox accounted for 18–26 % of the total N2 production. Absence of free hydrogen sulfide and low concentrations of dissolved iron in sediment pore waters suggested that denitrification and DNRA were driven by organic matter oxidation rather than chemolithotrophy. DNRA was as important as denitrification at a shallow, coastal station situated in the northern Bothnian Bay. At this pristine and fully oxygenated site, ammonium regeneration through DNRA contributed more than one third to the total dissolved nitrogen (TDN) diffusing from the sediment to the water column, and accounted, on average, for 45 % of total nitrate reduction. At the offshore stations, the proportion of DNRA in relation to denitrification was lower (0–16 % of total nitrate reduction). Median value and range of benthic DNRA rates from the GOB were comparable to those from the southern and central eutrophic Baltic Sea and other temperate estuaries and coasts in Europe. Therefore, our results contrast with the view that DNRA is negligible in cold and well-oxygenated sediments with low organic carbon loads. However, the mechanisms behind the variability in DNRA rates between our sites were not resolved. The GOB sediments were a major source (237 kt y−1, which corresponds to 184 % of the external N load) of fixed N to the water column through recycling mechanisms. To our knowledge, our study is the first to document the simultaneous contribution of denitrification, DNRA, anammox and TDN recycling combined with in situ measurements. Full-text · Article · Aug 2016 Stefano Bonaglia Astrid Hylén Jayne E Rattray + 1 more author ... Mikhail Y. Kononets Read full-text Changes of nutrient fluxes caused by the antibiotics residues may partly contribute to the hyper-eutrophication problem in the study area. Production of N 2 plays an important role in nitrate reduction, as it can permanently remove bioavailable nitrogen from aquatic ecosystems ( Hietanen and Kuparinen, 2008; Yin et al., 2014a). N 2 mainly generates from heterotrophic denitrification (Eq. Effects of thiamphenicol on nitrate reduction and N2O release in estuarine and coastal sediments [Show abstract] [Hide abstract] ABSTRACT: Nitrate overload is an important driver of water pollution in most estuarine and coastal ecosystems, and thus nitrate reduction processes have attracted considerable attention. Antibiotics contamination is also an emerging environmental problem in estuarine and coastal regions as a result of growing production and usage of antibiotics. However, the effects of antibiotics on nitrate reduction remain unclear in these aquatic ecosystems. In this study, continuous-flow experiments were conducted to examine the effects of thiamphenicol (TAP, a common chloramphenicol antibiotic) on nitrate reduction and greenhouse gas N2O release. Functional genes involved in nitrogen transformation were also quantified to explore the microbial mechanisms of the TAP influence. Production of N2 were observed to be inhibited by TAP treatment, which implied the inhibition effect of TAP on nitrate reduction processes. As intermediate products of nitrogen transformation processes, nitrite and N2O were observed to accumulate during the incubation. Different TAP inhibition effects on related functional genes may be the microbial mechanism for the changes of nutrient fluxes, N2 fluxes and N2O release rates. These results indicate that the antibiotics residues in estuarine and coastal ecosystems may contribute to nitrate retention and N2O release, which could be a major factor responsible for eutrophication and greenhouse effects. Full-text · Article · Apr 2016 Guoyu Yin Lijun Hou Yanling Zheng + 1 more author ... Xiaofei Li Read full-text A few studies focused on denitrification in the Baltic Proper (Tuominen et al., 1998; Deutsch et al., 2010 ). Otherwise , benthic N cycling in the Baltic Sea has predominantly focused on fixed N loss to N 2 by denitrification and anammox in coastal areas using ex situ incubations (Dale et al., 2011; Hietanen and Lukkari, 2007; Hietanen and Kuparinen, 2008; Jäntti et al., 2011). The release of NH 4 + from sediments has not been studied systematically in the Baltic Sea and NH 4 + flux measurements from the central Baltic Proper are largely unknown. Benthic nutrient fluxes in the Eastern Gotland Basin (Baltic Sea) with particular focus on microbial mat ecosystems [Show abstract] [Hide abstract] ABSTRACT: Benthic fluxes and water column distributions of dissolved inorganic nitrogen (DIN) and total dissolved phosphate (PO43-) were measured in situ at 7 sites across a redox gradient from oxic to anoxic bottom waters in the Eastern Gotland Basin (Baltic Sea). The study area was divided into the oxic zone (60 to ca. 80 m water depth, O2 > 30 μM), the hypoxic transition zone (HTZ, ca. 80 to 120 m, O2 < 30 μM) and the deep anoxic and sulfidic basin (> ca. 120 m). Sediments in the HTZ were covered by mats of vacuolated sulfur bacteria. Ammonium (NH4+) fluxes in the deep basin and the HTZ were elevated at 0.6 mmol m-2 d-1 and 1 mmol m-2 d-1, respectively. Nitrate (NO3-) fluxes were directed into the sediment at all stations in the HTZ and were zero in the deep basin. PO43- release was highest in the HTZ at 0.23 mmol m-2 d-1, with a further release of 0.2 mmol m-2 d-1 in the deep basin. Up-scaling the benthic fluxes to the Baltic Proper equals 109 kt yr.-1 of PO43- and 266 kt yr.-1 of DIN. This is eight- and two-fold higher than the total external load of P (14 kt yr.-1) and DIN (140 kt yr.-1) in 2006 (HELCOM 2009b). The HTZ makes an important contribution to the internal nutrient loading in the Baltic Proper, releasing 70% of P (76 kt yr.-1) and 75% of DIN (200 kyr.-1) despite covering only 51% of area. Full-text · Article · Jan 2016 Anna Noffke S. Sommer Andrew W Dale + 1 more author ... Per O.J. Hall Read full-text In our study, D n and anammox activities were significantly higher in October. Seasonal tendency of bacterial activity could be the result of several parameters leading to apparent site specific response (Bonin et al., 1998;Tuominen et al., 1998;Risgaard-Petersen et al., 2004;Dalsgaard et al., 2005; Hietanen and Kuparinen, 2008; Minjeaud et al., 2009). In this study, the apparent seasonal pattern of D n and anammox with a significant maximum in October and January seemed one of the consequences of coupling between nitrification and denitrification or anammox. Coupling of bacterial nitrification with denitrification and anammox supports N removal in intertidal sediments (Arcachon Bay, France) [Show abstract] [Hide abstract] ABSTRACT: Microbial activity measurements and molecular approaches were combined to study temporal variation in nitrogen (N) removal mechanisms from muddy and sandy intertidal sediments (Arcachon Bay, France). Stable isotopes (15NH4^+ /15NO3^- ) were used to measure oxidation of NH4^+ to NO3^-/NO2^- and its subsequent reduction to N2 via denitrification and/or anammox. We found that denitrification mainly fuelled N loss in both sediment types. However in sandy sediments, anammox accounted for relatively higher N2 production (45%). Nitrificationedenitrification (Dn) and nitrificationeanammox coupling was observed particularly in muddy sediments. Temporal variations in prokaryotic abundance (Bacteria, Archaea) and of functional groups responsible for nitrification and denitrification were studied by qPCR and for anammoxifiers by cloning. Bacterial density in both sediment types varied between 10^7-8 equivalent cell per g^1 dry weight sediment and were overall more abundant in muddy sediments. Archaeal equivalent cell varied between 0.5 and 6.5% of the total prokaryotes, with extreme values observed in muddy sediment during October and January respectively. Denitrifiers were 1-2 orders higher than ammonium oxidizers and archeal nitrifiers appeared insignificant compared to betaproteobacterial counterpart. Furthermore, nitrifiers exhibited greater fluctuations in sandy sediments compared to muddy ones. Anammoxifiers were mainly restricted to the “Candidatus Scalindua” group, and were detected in both sediment types and all sampling periods providing an indirect proof on the occurrence of anammox. In muddy sediments, N2 production presented overall higher rate over sandy sediments and exhibited the same trend as nitrifier abundance. This finding suggests a central role of bacterially-mediated benthic nitrification in supporting dissimilatory processes through generation of NO3^-/NO2^- and preventing eutrophication in this mesotidal lagoon. Full-text · Article · Oct 2015 Sheryl Oliveira Fernandes Cedric Javanaud Valerie Michotey + 1 more author ... Sophie Guasco Read full-text Our own OTUs had only 85% sequence identity (502 bp) with the 16S rDNA from C. abyssi and the dominant OTUs types in the phylum Caldithrix (46% of reads) had 90% sequence identity to a coastal marine sediment clone LCP-26 (GenBank ID AF286031) for which no physiological characterization is available. Nevertheless, the high rates of denitrification and DNRA at Storfj€ arden in summer ( Hietanen and Kuparinen, 2008; J€ antti et al., 2011) support the idea that denitrifiers are probably abundant at this season. The LeFSe analysis also identified reads from the phylum Lentisphaerae (unclassified order 'Z20', 16S rDNA clone, Genbank ID Q353908) as a being more abundant in summer (Fig. 4), but this group included only very few reads (1 OTU, 25 reads). Seasonal patterns of bacterial communities in the coastal brackish sediments of the Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea [Show abstract] [Hide abstract] ABSTRACT: Coastal areas are critical in mitigating the impact of nutrient runoffs and downstream eutrophication of aquatic ecosystems. In the Gulf of Finland, the easternmost sub-basin of the Baltic Sea, seasonal and long-term oxygen depletion at the surface of the sediment feeds back the eutrophication loop by promoting the release of nutrients locked in the sediment matrix. In order to understand how the bacterial community responds to the seasonal variations, we sequenced ribosomal gene fragments from the top sediment layer at two coastal sites in southern Finland in spring, summer and late autumn during two consecutive years. Analysis of the samples collected at a shallow (11 m) and deep site (33 m) revealed that the overall community composition was rather constant over time with an extensive collection of shared operational taxonomic units (OTU) between sites. The dominant taxa were related to organoheterotrophs and sulfate reducers and the variation in community structure was linked to the availability of organic matter in the surface sediment. Proteobacteria formed the most abundant and diverse group. The taxa characteristic of spring samples belonged primarily to Actinobacteria, possibly of fresh water origin and linked to humic carbon. Summer communities were characterized by an increase in the number of reads associated with heterotrophic bacteria such as Bacteroidetes which feed on labile organic matter from spring bloom. Taxa typical of autumn samples were linked to Cyanobacteria and other bloom-forming bacteria from the overlying water and to bacteria feeding on organic matter drifting from the phytal zone. Full-text · Article · Sep 2015 Adrien Vetterli Kirsi Hyytiäinen Minttu Ahjos + 1 more author ... Petri Auvinen Read full-text Show more Recommended publications Discover more publications, questions and projects in Anammox Article Anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox) in sediments of the Gulf of Finland July 2007 · Aquatic Microbial Ecology · Impact Factor: 1.97 Susanna Hietanen Read more Article Direct measurement of anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox) and denitrification in intact sediment... November 2006 · Marine Ecology Progress Series · Impact Factor: 2.62 Mark Trimmer Nils Risgaard-Petersen JC Nicholls P Engström Read more Article FEATURE ARTICLE Widespread occurrence of the anammox reaction in estuarine sediments April 2009 · Aquatic Microbial Ecology · Impact Factor: 1.97 Joanna C. Nicholls Mark Trimmer Read more Article Anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox) in the marine environment June 2005 · Research in Microbiology · Impact Factor: 2.71 Tage Dalsgaard Bo Thamdrup Donald E Canfield Read more Discover more Data provided are for informational purposes only. Although carefully collected, accuracy cannot be guaranteed. Publisher conditions are provided by RoMEO. Differing provisions from the publisher's actual policy or licence agreement may be applicable. This publication is from a journal that may support self archiving. Learn more Last Updated: 21 Apr 17 © 2008- 2017 researchgate.net. All rights reserved. About us  ·  Help Center  ·  Careers  ·  Developers  ·  News  ·  Contact us  ·  Privacy  ·  Terms  ·  Copyright  |  Advertising  ·  Recruiting We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on ResearchGate. Read our cookies policy to learn more. OK or Discover by subject area Join for free Log in Email Password Forgot password? Keep me logged in or log in with People who read this publication also read: Article : Anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox) in sediments of the Gulf of Finland Full-text · Jul 2007 · Aquatic Microbial Ecology Read now Article : Direct measurement of anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox) and denitrification in intact sediment... Full-text · Nov 2006 · Marine Ecology Progress Se... Read now Article : FEATURE ARTICLE Widespread occurrence of the anammox reaction in estuarine sediments Full-text · Apr 2009 · Aquatic Microbial Ecology Read now Article : Anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox) in the marine environment Full-text · Jun 2005 · Research in Microbiology Read now
